B will take A to the animal shelter tomorrow afternoon. A wants to get a puppy for her son.
Emma wants to buy an advent calendar for her children. Rob used to get one every year as a child. Lauren adds notes asking children to do something nice for someone else.
Madison is pregnant but she doesn't want to talk about it. Iggy's friend was pregnant once.
Marla found her sister's underwear under her bed.
Robert needs to buy guitar cable. Fred sends him the address of the music shop.
Keith and Megan will buy cereals and milk. Megan checked in the drawer next to the fridge.
Samantha sends a video to Evelyn and Holly.
Tom invited Theresa, Luis and Adam for dinner at Fiesole.
Jane wants to make a reservation for 6 people for tonight at 21:00. Vegano Resto will offer a table for six at 18:30 or at 21.00.
Nancy is in Texas. She's working in a pub. Nancy is coming home in 6 weeks. She is travelling with 3 other Brits working here.
Laura needs a new printer. Jamie suggests she buys a second hand one.
Haylee will buy coconut milk yoghurt for Barbara.
Norbert is waiting for Wendy at the register to catch the tour.
Cecil went to the Jandia Peninsula. He liked it a lot. It was very windy here in summer. He wants to explore more the south of the island tomorrow.
Sophie hasn't found it yet. Nickola advises Sophie to check pockets and handbags.
Rosie has to write an essay about bad movies. She will cover "The Room" and "Toxic avenger". She will also cover "Jesus christ vampire hunter".
James has a dream to become a voice actor. He has a microphone at home and a bit of help to make a radio station.
Poppy and Alice are going for drinks after work. Alice didn't get lunch because she had errands to run. They will meet at Nick's around 5:30.
Sash will see Caron before 12. Caron needs to go out soon.
Gosia always criticizes Matteo because he likes football and video games. Giuseppe likes Gosia a lot.
Ramzi's mom is calling for supper. Jannette is coming.
Jeniffer and Hildegard are preparing ravioli.
Lawrence is not done with the article yet, but he will be in a few minutes. The piece is needed by today.
Chad shares a funny photo with Brennen.
Sadie will borrow Chloe's bike on Wednesday evening.
Carter wants to launch a new restaurant in the city centre next month.
Kenny is back from surgery. He has another surgery scheduled tomorrow, but they might have to reschedule it depending on his condition. Kristine is scared she is going to lose him. She is at St Marks Hospital near Asda.
Joey and Olivia broke up after all these years. Joey cheated on Olivia with numerous girls and got some chick pregnant. Olivia and Joey knew each other for years.
Amanda is pregnant. She went to dance classes with Michael yesterday. The instructor needed a partner to show the steps they had already taken. Amanda volunteered.
Taylor's friends' daughters bring their boyfriends to Taylor. Isabel hasn't had any.
Toby and Theo are going to the Italian Alps on Friday. Toby will come back by train on Monday.
Clara will prepare a report on the absenteeism and lateness of Brandon.
Suzie is sick again. She will cancel the meeting with Olga.
Kate will be Lorelai's mother. Diane can't wait for it to happen.
Andrew has a cold. It's either warm or freezing cold. If Andrew wears warm clothes, it's hot. If he doesn't, there's a cold wind. Daniel will pick up some stuff from the pharmacy on Andrew's way back.
Alex, Sam and John are watching 'Millionaires' on tv.
Jessica has the cinnamon cookies recipe. Angelica has the recipe.
Sophie is waiting for a client. He's 40 minutes late. Gwen and Dee will meet at the restaurant in 15 minutes.
Daniel is on his way downstairs. Sue is going downstairs now. Daniel is with the Volvo.
Betty is going to CVS to buy some shaving cream for George.
Ken's phone doesn't work properly. He had it with him while he was jogging. His friend had similar issue.
Ann couldn't come to Ivan's birthday party. Ivan bought her something for her birthday. They are meeting next week.
Ashley posted some pictures on her Facebook page. She looks horrible.
Mikolaj got a breakthrough with his wife's papers with the working permission. The government had a deadline until last week, but the letter says that they won't make it in time and need another month.
Maria and Thomas are on their way to the hotel. Ann is at the 3rd floor lobby. Peter is still there. Maria and Thomas will have lunch together.
Sus and Val are sleepy and don't want to work.
Kate is at the Guggenheim right now. She wants to go to the Museum of the city of NY. Kai, Terry and Ish are going to the museum around 2-2.30. Kate is downtown with some friends and the weather is horrible. Terry will join them afterwards for a coffee.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's house. Broke will pick them up at 10 tonight.
Frederic will come to Bradley's birthday party tomorrow at 8 pm.
Camilla received 250. She will let Adrian know when she has checked.
Lilliana didn't go to work today. She got paid monthly.
Margaret has just had a shower. Meg will go shopping with her. They will meet near her school at 1 pm.
Maria Curie was the greatest Pole. Her surname was Skłodowska.
Miles, Tim, Gregory and Gregory need to push the project.
Julia is at work. Morgan and Julia will meet for a drink later on.
Marta is at the supermarket to buy some food for tomorrow's dinner. Marta and Nick will make lasagne.
The staff meeting will be held at 8:30 instead of 8:00. Dzuka is hoping this will encourage more participation.
Will is checking his tests. He will write them again on Tuesday.
Sophie, Melanie and Gavin will take a day off and look for Game of Thrones characters around the city.
Aubray and Kate are going to watch the new movie with SRK tomorrow.
Lassie treated Jane's shoes brand new. She left the door open again. Jane's mum forgot to close it.
Julia is going to the shops on Saturday afternoon at 4 pm. Isabel has a hairdresser at 3. Julia and Isabel will meet at 5 pm at the main entrance.
Sally invited Laura and Michael to a meeting. They will discuss their project.
Kate Doran is interested in buying the following books: "Legal English for Polish purposes" and "Business English dictionary". Patricia Keys works at Och theatre. She will meet at the entrance of the theatre at 7 p.m.
Doris is almost there. Judy and Sara were sitting outside but Sara was cold. Doris cannot find them.
Elton John is the greatest actor of all time.
Leonardo is leaving the country for a few weeks. Griffin will pick him up in the morning.
Franklin's child is crying. Faye advises him to give him a bottle and change his diapers.
Sean, Vanessa and Abigail love Edinburgh. Frederic hasn't seen the sun for more than 3 weeks.
Jacob was with Henry last Saturday. His parents were looking for him.
Quinn and Jack are going to the Apple shop to check out the new IPad.
Andrzej can't come to Magda's class today because he cut his finger and now his stomach hurts.
Mark is not responding to Robert's calls. He gave his notes on the Faircase review to Jenny. Robert and Kate will meet for lunch by the fountain tomorrow.
Grace sends Andrea some photos from her new website. Andrea likes the theme and wants to see how it looks on mobile and tablet.
Luke, Ken and Summer had fun today. They will do the same tomorrow.
Martha will stay in the hospital for another few weeks. Marcel wants to go on Monday. Martha is 30 weeks pregnant.
Angela sends Jack and Essy the wedding pictures.
Kate is looking for a bottle of wine for her parents.
Camil made a group so that everyone can share their opinion about the bowling on Friday. The price is 5$ per person. Luna is at work until 7:30. Jannet, Joseph and Mick are going to have a before party at Camil's place at 7 p.m.
Harry is going to Ikea this evening. He wants to buy a desk for his office room. James will pick him up at 18.
Jane is going on holiday to Turkey. Harry, Richard, Mary and Victoria are going.
Prudence will send a car to pick Sally up in 40 minutes.
Sebastian wishes Casper happy birthday. They are going to meet for a beer or two.
Jagger needs to buy a new car. Farley, Collier and Byron advise him to check another garage.
Adam can't find his math book. Harry will give it to Adam tomorrow.
Dwight will leave his parcel in the security office if he's not home.
Anderson transferred Edd and Rose to a different department. The paperwork will get trickier.
Trayson's flight got cancelled due to bad weather. He will wait in line for another flight.
Helga came to Hollie's house and criticised what she cooked.
Daniel got the results back from the blood tests he did.
William, Sam, Quinn and Isabel are going to watch the new Marvel movie on Monday.
Samuel sends Andrew a video. Andrew is blocking Samuel.
Brett and Andrew play video games. John likes flight simulators, tank simulators and so on. Andrew hasn't played World of Tanks.
Sheryl and Jeff will visit Ann in the hospital.
Chris wishes Sandra a happy birthday. Sandra gave them a fake date.
Keaton's favourite actress is on Channel 11.
Zed is worried that he might have messed up the project. He asked everyone and even Brad said he's screwed. He will call Michael.
Sophia missed the tram and is waiting for the next one.
Kirk, Abdi, Jenny, Marvin and Abdi are discussing the decision to move the capital to Gitega.
Arnold will send Baldwin a photo of the curved TVs he's buying for Black Friday.
Tomas is from Eastern Europe. Mike heard him speaking English today with Kamil. Tomas is from Slovenia, close to the Alps.
Mia needs William's help with repairing the bathroom door.
Alexander ate so much that he cannot move. Harold and Alexander wish each other Merry Christmas.
Caroline got herself a new Toyota. Jessy and Clara would like to trade in their old Mitsubishi.
Emma sent Clara a link to a website with some basic info. Clara will check it later.
Mayweather destroyed McGregor in a fight that made Lorenzo and Pablo watch. McGregor is 40 years old and likes to provoke people. McGregor has never fought 10 rounds, in MMA 3 rounds is the limit. They are going to wait for the fight at 4 am.
Sophie and Annie weren't informed about the change of ENG teachers b4 March break. The school was closed for 4 2 weeks. The new teacher has an MA in education and is a native Canadian speaker. Annie and Jenny like her.
Joan doesn't want Tim to push her.
Monica and Rachel will take the shuttle bus at 2 to avoid being late for the lecture at 5 pm. The next shuttle is at 5.30. They will take a public bus at about 4.
James and Bella are starting at 2PM on Sunday. They have a new expansion for Isle of Skye. They can choose the other game later.
Wanda lost her keys. Ellie found them in her bag.
Jane has fallen ill again. She needs to pick her ideas up or she will need another job.
Colin congratulates Patrick. Patrick is over the moon.
Mia is leaving in 5 minutes. Sam unplugged the iron in his room.
Megan is cleaning the house today. Roseanne hates cleaning because she hates it when it's dirty. She will bring her kids to Megan's place.
John won't be able to attend because of work. His mom was waiting for him.
Olivia will prepare Tacos and Barritos for dinner.
Lena is moving to a new house next month. She doesn't want to spend time in the garden. Stefy reminds her to bring the deckchairs.
Lilly and her husband just got back from vacation in Mexico. Lilly spent the summer with her family and had some family time. Lilly and Jamie will meet next Thursday at noon at the new Italian place in Queens. Lilly's girls have dance at 1.
Michelle and Monika live in November where there is no sign of winter nor snow.
Sonja can't believe they ejected him from the game.
The car mechanic Freddie told Bob about is Jim's Repairs on Freedom street. He rarely picks up, but he has a lot of work to do.
Sandra wants to learn horse riding. She booked a slot on Friday afternoon after work. The lesson starts at 6 and costs 20 quid per hour.
Sam has just baked a cake. Laura will keep some for him.
Rose is going to the airport. She will see Violet in a few days.
Rosie forgot her pen at Harrison's place yesterday. Harrison will give her hers tomorrow at college.
Isabel has received Christian's reservation. Christian is arriving in Madrid at 21:20 at barajas airport. Isabel will be waiting for him with the keys. They will arrive to Antón Martin around 22:00.
The tech just came in and wants to turn off the gas. Linda will check the confirmation form the bank.
Max and Sylvia are getting a Toyota. They will have to rely on public transport to reach their place. Sylvia was against it at first, but eventually she gave in. Max wants Sylvia to get a licence.
Sarah Palin is on tv again. She is the Republican candidate for Vice President. Sarah's family is nice. Mariah is watching her.
Wendy checked Sheri's new tutorial on how to draw eyebrows. Sheri doesn't mind sharing it with her friends at school.
Mark is waiting for Ben outside in a car. Ben needs to feed his cats.
Ross broke his leg again. Madeleine is in the hospital. She took a car to pick him up. They froze vegetables and some chicken.
Kevin wants kendy to call Kevin, but she needs to hurry up.
Manuel doesn't want Galvin to send them an e-mail because he's leaving. Manuel will say bye to them individually.
Gary will be home soon after the game.
Georgia is preparing her thesis according to Madilyn's advice.
Meki and Veki are playing Canasta right now. Rada is the best, Radmila at the end is Gorjana. Meki does not like to play cards.
Collins played FIFA 19 for the first time today. Ben played it 1 month ago.
Shantelle left all the coffee cups out in the kitchen. She had to walk all the social workers downstairs to reception and then shoot off. Shantelle will bring donuts for the office tomorrow. She will also bring cheap biscuits for Karen and Sue.
It's Jacqueline's birthday today. She's organising a small get-together on Saturday. Marco, Peter and Jacqueline will come.
Anne recommends Jamie to watch him in Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Tash is walking back from the train station now.
Erica is having trouble in calculus 101 and wants Paul to tutor her. She will start a study group.
Lucy organized a surprise party for Marjory's 70th birthday last night. Gary and Lucy will go away on 15th April.
Magda's car is broken but her dad thinks it's not. Magda has a driving licence so she can take it to service.
Matt and Stephanie are having classes in room 23A in the building next door. Jim will join them.
Nick broke his leg while playing football. He can't walk yet.
Pete's father washes his car by himself working his ass off half of a day. Harry feels like shooting the birds.
Phillip got a new laptop because his old one couldn't run the newer games. He is downloading games on Steam now. It turns out you only have to download them once and you can stream them in the same network.
Martha wants Agnes to prepare her famous soup for the party.
Linn is going on a cruise with Otto in the summer. Linn will check if she can get the time off work.
Ken failed English. He will be back by 7.
Marianne wants to buy a dress for the wedding. Cassandre and Eveline think it's too expensive.
Rashid reminds Fran about the dishwasher repairman coming today between 2 and 6 pm. Rashid advises Fran to call the number 222 444, Dudley code.
Margot doesn't look at the news because she finds the situation in Paris depressing.
Tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for Kate. Sharan will send him the details.
Marcin Gortat thinks about returning to Poland to spend some time with family and build his own family.
Josh went to the club "Devil’s den" on weekends and on weekdays. Trish didn't get beaten up. Last week Josh saved a cat.
Matt had a great day at work. He watched House of Cards, ate pizza, met up with Martha and slept. Elle has recently been watching "Designated Survivor" and is interested in it.
Swedish police found stolen crown jewels from the 16th or 17th century.
The girl from Jacob's high school went missing. She was doing history with Jacob last year, but she rarely talked to anyone. Jacob doesn't think she escaped.
Joy's playlist is outdated. Diclarey will share his updated albums with Joy.
Ben and Hannah are sleeping alone. Ben feels empty every time he goes to bed. Denis is sure someone will appear in his life very soon.
Jen and Rick are in Shanghai. Jen sends Filip some pictures of the place. Rick is on vacation.
Joan will help Harvey with the home assignment.
Kate saw Anne today. Anne's dress is yellow.
Beth and Will will meet around 7:00 tonight. Beth has some supplementary work to do and she doesn't know when she'll get out of the office.
David was very lucky when the tsunami hit, because people started sending him messages asking if he's ok.
Angelica, Helen, Amy and James will meet for drinks at 3. They will be in the bar from 9/9:30.
Ismael will give Troy the recipe for pancakes later.
Soph is on a 5-week drive through the Yucatan peninsula and enjoying it immensely. She started in Cancun, stayed in town but visited Isla Mujeres and then came to Merida for 10 days or so. She's planning to visit Valladolid, Campeche and maybe Izamal and some other places.
Vic doesn't like such games. Natty prefers to play RPGs.
Meg has half of the translation done and will let Jamie know if she's behind next week.
Casimir Funk, a Polish researcher, discovered vitamins. Wikipedia says Polish-American. Lena doesn't believe in nationality.
Grace signed her contact last Monday. She's a secretary in town for an architect. It's a permanent job.
Albert created a twitter account and wants to follow Natasha. Natasha is very paranoid when it comes to personal info online.
Andreas and Abdul can't go to the lake house this weekend because they have some friends and family visiting. Abdul invited the girls. Abdul and Abdul will book a place nearby.
Heather is drinking buckfast with her new housemate Dominic.
Mark is coming back this weekend. Jana and Blake are planning a surprise party at the club.
Jess broke her wrist when she fell off the ladder while cleaning the cupboards in the kitchen. She had to have her arm in plaster for six weeks.
Tom is going to Rome by train. The weather in Naples is very sunny and about 15 degrees. John is busy at the office now. John will talk to the people at his office about finding a replacement.
Ada doesn't want to go to acro today as she has a meeting at that time.
Jude has just read about his uncle Ben's funeral after the fact. Scarlet will be there in a flash.
Ross will call Mattie when dad is at home.
Oliver, Chris and Emily are going to play a new game.
Misha wants to buy a dress on YT.
Amanda's phone charger has stopped working. She needs to replace the cable. Keith recommends a shop that sells replacement cables.
Jesse did not answer the phone. Mateo needs something.
Martin's 19th Century European History exam was a disaster. He will have to wait until Monday for the results. The subject was the name of the subject again.
Michael will visit Alex at their new place on Friday evening. They live close to a forest and rarely see boars.
Shane and Ted are going for a beer tonight at Janes.
Iza and Monica have been waiting for this for a long time.
Isabella and Megan like Isabella's outfit. Megan advises Isabella to wear blue, green or grey.
Howard wants to take Jane out for a romantic dinner to a seaside restaurant. Jane is transitioning and wants to see it.
Hanna's Aiesec meeting is at 7 pm today. Xavier can't come as he has to work at 7 today.
Francesca and Ellis are watching Theresa on TV.
Anet and Tish are going to lunch at 2 pm.
Jimmy and Sandy are going to pick another bar.
Saanvi saw a photo of Callum and his friend on the beach.
Andy, Barbara, Peter, Paul and Simone are going to meet at Mammals at 8 PM. The free drinks end at 7.30. Andy will be there at 6.30, but may be tipsy at 8.
Allan will borrow Frank's car this afternoon to fix his painting.
Michelle's boss accepted the holiday on July 8th-19th. Michelle and her boss will go to Croatia for 14 days. Alex will book the offer and wire the money.
It's her birthday in 2 days. Tom and Sam haven't talked in weeks.
Serena had a busy day at work today. Jackie and Serena are watching Apprentice on IPlayer. Serena will pop into the shop on the weekend to say hi.
Kylie sent Alex some photos. Alex would like to be there with Kylie.
Odin has invited Reyna to Zain's party.
Tyler found the sweatshirt Orion was looking for. He will order it online.
Lily feels low today. She and Sandra will meet today.
Ann and Ethan are going to meet next to the bus station. Ethan will be there within 10 minutes and Danny within 20-25 minutes.
Sally is in a new relationship. There was a spark at the beginning but now she doesn't know how to get it back.
Lizzy is going out with Marco and his friends to a club. Lizzy will wear a black dress with a smoky smoky with colour accent. Sia suggests a half cut crease.
Michael finished building a cupboard and needs a pause. Betty is still working today. Michael and Betty will meet on Saturday at 19:00.
Karen is on sick leave again. Ashley is giving a presentation on her own again.
Royce and Mario love each other very much.
Kate and Karen are meeting in Starbucks. Nancy will be an hour late.
Hanna wants to buy a medium size skirt from Gina's store on 4th street.
Beryl lost contact with Anton for a few months. Beryl is considering going down to Onrus again in January. Anton has been getting bookings daily. Anton will call Beryl beforehand from Cape Town.
Kate went to see a fortune-teller. She knew her name and everything about her when she walked in. Kate will meet someone and will have a kid. She paid 60 quid for seeing shoes.
Hugo sends Max the notes from the last lecture. Max is busy smoking weed and girls, because his mum is at hospital.
Mark went to a 7-star Hotel restaurant yesterday. He missed it because he was listening to his iPod.
Gina is hungover. She ordered pizza from McDelivery.
Diana will buy a Nina Ricci pink apple for Flo and a brook saddle for Raleigh. Iris will buy venaison and smoke salmon. Diana will bring foie gras and oysters.
Sally, Ella, Miranda, Sam and Doro are organising a celebration in Lądek Zdrój.
Eve has to come back to the office because she has a meeting with her boss on Saturday to discuss her project. Anton thinks Eve is being unfairly biased against her. Eve and Anton will meet in a bit.
Zhe and Adam are going to the meeting at 2 pm. They should book a taxi.
Bella went to London for a conference. She presented a paper. She got good feedback.
Jace sent Mya a link to Tik-Tok app.
Jojo has just come from the interview and they want her to talk to Matt first.
Butch wants to be Carol's boyfriend. Butch sits behind Carol in maths.
Juliette and Katie are going to the party at 7.
Daniel, May, Sara and Greg are going jogging tonight at 7.
Henning and Linda watched Suspiria half and then stopped.
Mike can't find Lily's wallet. Lily has it with her.
Don and Jules are having supper at 7. Marissa and Keith are coming. They have one meal left until the end of the term.
Janin doesn't need Andrew's help with tomorrow. Andrew will prepare something to eat and drink.
M. Maclinch invited Tania, Galia and Sacha for a brunch Halla Gwardi on Friday at 1 pm. They are all expected at 8:30. The Levy will join them.
Jenny is sick. Sue will pick her up from the shops in the next hour and bring her some milk bread and eggs.
Eli is going to lose to Steve in bar games.
Lily is stuck in a traffic jam. Meredith and Diana will arrive in 5 minutes. Meredith will look for a table for them.
There is a huge storm brewing tomorrow night. Beth and Jim are worried about it. They need to buy supplies.
Sarah and Finlay are meeting today. They will see each other later.
Marcin explains to Kate that in Poland they don't celebrate Halloween. They spend time with their families after the cementary.
Mark and Angie have a new baby. Maya was born at 5:20 am. Mark will take care of his girls now.
Oscar needs a new puppy check and a microchip, and to see when he can be neutered. He has a condition of adoption. Evie will make it.
Isiah and Antonio are going to the games tomorrow. Melanies is sick, Tim and Joe are tired and angry. Antonio wants to go alone. Karl mentioned Antonio has a free evening tomorrow.
Eve is going to a party with her work girls.
Lily and Harry will wait for Billy in 20 minutes. Billy will buy a beer for running late.
Crystal had a hard day at work. Pauline will buy a bottle of wine for her.
Ben will go to the gym after work. He will buy cereals, wheat flour, butter, cheese spread, broccoli, carrot and washing-up liquid. Jill will wait for him with dinner.
Ricky is going to have a knee surgery next Thursday in Burlington. The surgery is scheduled for 2026 at the hospital. Lucy and Ricky are going to meet for lunch.
Ben's mother broke her leg and he had to take her to hospital. Ben can't take it any more. Mum suffers from demetnia.
Nia, Sadie and Elsa are going to forest school tomorrow.
Julian will buy some chocolates for Linda.
Josh, Lana and Mark will go bowling tomorrow at 8 PM at Mark's place.
Professor Xavier has his duty hours on the 2nd floor. His office is in statistics department.
Adam, Jasmine and Rebecca are going to climb the mountain tomorrow. The forecast is sunny but not too hot. They will start walking at 7 AM and be on the peak before the hottest hours.
Andy and Kate had fun yestarday. They will meet tomorrow at Cleo's.
Andy, Julia and Julia are going to watch Anastasia tonight.
Clara doesn't have any spare blankets, pillows or basically anything. John is going to the shelter today. Clara will donate something next.
Ali is going to Bristol Half Marathon on Sunday. Gina, Harry, Emma and Emily are looking forward to it.
Brian will approve the pending post. Sarah will do it.
Olivia and Erik will go to Original Joe's tonight.
Francesco's place is very peaceful and beautiful, but it's also very poor. The government wants to give fields in his region to people who have 3 kids and more places to work.
Rayan bought a new motorcycle. He wants to sell it to Greg. They will meet tomorrow after work.
Liz is having guests this weekend. The living room drapes will be finished today but the pillows won't be done until next week. Ralph and Liz can split the shipments.
Jim is filling out a job application. He has one more semester left. Mary will visit Jim's parents at 7 pm on Tuesday. Jim will spend all free days ad his parents at a countryside.
Jennifer and Robert's doctor appointment is at 7.
Ion would apply for a job on a remote island.
Misty and Bob are going skiing next week. Misty will join them.
Ostoja and Jaca are in the Hospital now. Dača has a first simple overview. Ostoja will be in front of main entrance of the hospital in about 2 o'clock.
Alice apologizes to Margaret for not informing her about tomorrow's classes. Margaret will send Alice more feedback over the weekend.
Heidi forgot about the things from the balcony and it's going to rain today. Noah will take them away as soon as he is back home. He will close all the windows in case of a storm.
Karen is taking the bus to Boston at 12.40. The train is too expensive and not even faster. Matthew will be there at 12 and they will have a fast lunch together.
Sofia's car needs an oil change. She has 45k miles on it. She will make an appointment with the dealer on Saturday.
Yannick and Ellen broke up because of a fight. Ellen will see Yannick in class.
Neeley will take the iron from Blake's room.
Elisabeth wants to go for a supper with Charles, but he has no money.
Charlie will help Ella with the assignment in 30 minutes. They will meet at 7 pm.
Cooper should be done with his proposal by today.
Maria loves her Nike's running shoes. Marissa thinks her nike's were the best purchase last year.
Nadia's neighbours are loud. She will leave all the windows open when the baby arrives. Sean is going to do some yoga.
Tamara will take out the trash. Felice's keys hang next to umbrella in the hall.
Tommy is moving to the suburbs next weekend. Ken and Ken will help Tommy move on Saturday morning.
Fiona and Sean are going to a translator event tonight at the Polish bookstore on Sanderstrasse. There will be a discussion about translating andrei platonov. Fiona will let them know in advance that she needs headphones for the sim. interpretation.
Jude will be in Warsaw at the beginning of December so they could meet again. Leon won't be here during the first weekend of December.
Ann will come to Phil's party tomorrow after 9 p.m. Phil fell in love with Ann and wants to see her together.
Esther is at the concert with her flatmate Bennett. They are going to eat ice cream and go home.
Cheryl is from 2nd year and needs some math tutoring. Austin will help her.
Everything is 50% off at Harold's website. Heather is going to buy tennis shoes and jeans for her mother's day next week.
Mark is planning his holidays in Europe. He likes Spain, Barcelona, Madrid, San Sebastian and Avignon in France.
It's Franklin's 40th birthday. He's going out with Manda and few mates to Chicago. Vic will do an Experience Day test drive in the spring.
Tram and Brody are taking the bus.
Una needs a lift after practice. Jean can't pick her up.
Oliver went to the wedding with Lavender. Lavender enjoyed it.
It's raining. Chris and Denis will wait it out until 11.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Mona found her keys on the kitchen table.
Peggy's mom said she needs to lose weight. Peggy thinks it's unhealthy to weight 137 pounds at her age. Peggy and Lucy will go for a walk on Saturday.
Catherine, Phoebe and Stacy are going jogging this evening at 7 pm at the park. Stacy will join them at 6:50.
Shanon is in the mountains with the old people. She misses her teacher Mr. McKormick.
Rebeca recommends Harvard and the Museum of Fine Arts to Carol.
Luis is turning 18 next month. He is most concerned about the elections next year.
Mona left her gloves somewhere. Lizzy will check it.
Ann Winslet sends Leo Staff a link to the course folder. It contains the trailer for "Buck", the dialogue list and the VLC installer.
Kane will help Raymond find a notebook under 500 dollars for his parents.
Sally got the card Mum posted for her brother. She will ask Simon to fill it in tonight when he gets home.
Victoria spent too much this month. Magda just paid her car insurance. Victoria's car insurance is paid for the rest of the year.
Patricia and Barry are excited about Cyberpunk 2077's demo gameplay. Barry doesn't like the first-person view and prefers third-person perspectives.
Mia feels old. Anthony wishes her happy birthday. Mia read that women are happier in their thirties.
Colin and Josh haven't talked to the landlord yet. The landlord asked them multiple times to call him.
Hudson's mother asked him to bring chicken and Boiled Rice for dinner.
Mila is studying food and nutrition at UBC. Mila is underage and renting an apartment. She doesn't get along with Brody anymore. Jason will visit Mila in Vancouver in February.
Paul Sheehan and Ciaran will meet for a coffee in Turners Cross around 1. Mike has an appointment in Clonakilty.
Helene and Laura will write Joona as soon as they've arrived.
Jess and Henry are going to meet in 5 minutes.
Penelope created a new group because the old one disappeared.
Grayson is going to Spain for 2 weeks. Harrison will give him a lift to the airport.
Paul had a doctor's appointment at 9 am. He has been feeling weird for the last couple of days. He didn't have any other symptoms. He will stop by the Mobil gas station in the afternoon.
Mary is at Jedida's place. Dad wants her to hurry home.
Mary is frustrated because her husband does not know how to communicate. She will open a bottle of wine and wait for the right moment.
Joe recommends Bojack Horseman to Clément.
Barney dropped his mum's favorite orchid and needs to replant it before she comes back. Judith suggests going to The Home Depot.
Joe is in Half Moon. Masher will pick him up at 7:30. He should be at Joe's place in half an hour.
Kenny and Milena are studying for the geography exam. They haven't gone to a single lecture.
Amy's work was weird. Mark's attitude is horrible.
Ilo and Adele are meeting at 4 pm at Europskii. Adele will take her black high heel shoes with her.
Gil and Ronda will go for a walk after work. They will meet at the main entrance at 4:15.
Mel and Angelica are tired of the primary season.
Harry is at the store. He will buy eggs, milk, cheese and rice. Bridget will ask her mother if she has a list. Harry will buy some apples.
Lucas put Zoey's shoes behind the cardboard.
Haleema and Dakkota are going to do yoga in the park this Saturday.
Zara is seeing Jack at 9pm tomorrow. She's excused from the screening at 6:30pm.
Kierian's basketball class is cancelled. Jana is at home.
Don Fefe is a pizza place in Campo di Marte. Theresa and Tracy discovered it last night.
Adrien is at the office working and waiting for Kamil and Teddy. Kamil is working on Sunday. Adrien and Lara will go to the gym together.
Sarah will be in and out of court all day tomorrow.
Rebecca's birthday is next month. Emily, Patrick, Julia, Emily and Julia are going on a trip. Rebecca got a book last year. They are going to book a table at Angelo's.
Ronan is dating a Czech guy. They had sex in shower and then again in the night. They are both staying at Ronan's. Ronan doesn't know what he wants.
Eddy, Audrey and Marion are meeting on Tuesday. On Wednesday they are going to see the Baltus exhibition in Riehen. Eddy and Audrey will meet in Terra del Fuego at around 4 pm on Friday.
Caroline will pick up Laura from school at 3.30 p.m. because she has to stay longer at work.
Brian is busy at work. Dave will call him in 5 minutes.
Megan and Terry are going to visit Jacob in hospital tomorrow at 10.30. Megan has to fix something first but she believes she can make it. They will buy apples.
Stanley and Ben are in tram number 15. Stanley will jump in on Railway Station stop.
Nina and Lila think Ella should buy the dress.
Emilia will be late. Catherine and Meggy will wait.
Filip and Bartek are excited about Vikings coming back at the end of November.
Suzie, Mike and Cassie are looking for information about the research project.
Lucas will borrow Nathan's plaid flannel shirt. Nathan is meeting Kaylee in half an hour.
Agnes bought a new Huawei Y9 2019 phone.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies. Rachel will bring onion crisps.
Monica is not sure when she will come to Tabitha before Christmas. She will tell everyone she will have a gift for everyone.
Bill will bring his own games tonight. Paul and Valerie will finish everything today.
Martha owes Grace 100 quid. Next week she will give it back to her.
Dora didn't sleep well and didn't get much sleep. Ben is staying at a nice hotel close to the city centre. The bank is almost done.
Brian sends Michelle the voting link. Michelle will vote for Bianca.
Mike missed his bus and has to wait for another one. John will start the meeting without him. Mike wants to find at least 2 new employees.
Matty and Ella are busy studying for their degrees. Matty has been on a walk today. Ella is studying Microbiology and Biochemical Pathways to Metabolic Illnesses.
Andrew wants to buy Matt's moto. He has no cash.
Alex, Mindy and Greg need to commit to some subject for their referrals next week.
John is home alone and he's not feeling great. He's a little nauseous and wamr. Carol advises him to drink a tall glass or ice water and wait for him.
Katy and Ciara will go home soon. Mila will join them.
Alex will pick Alaine up at 8 tomorrow.
Khloe has been looking for a long-term job. She is good at academic writing. Her manger is on leave.
Max doesn't know if there are free masters courses for foreigners in Poland. Joanna will look it up and get back to Will.
Tom doesn't have a hangover. Jagermeister is the best.
Kimberly and Jane won't be able to meet with John and Jane next weekend as their Grandfather passed away on Saturday. They are heading to Oshawa on Friday. They will reschedule the meeting.
Ben needs Jake's laptop for work. It's having an adapter issue. Ben will take it from Jake's room. Jake won't get to play DOTA tonight.
Camille, Sam and Ahmed are going to the mosque by bus. Ahmed will take the car of his parents. He will be ready by 4 or less.
It's Damian and Sarah's 17th anniversary. They spent the night in Zakopane. Dorothy has a big camp at church this week. She has to be at church at 7 am tomorrow and then every day for camp at 7am with the kids. Damian has been working late this past week.
Gabriel wishes Zuza a happy birthday.
Nicole is still getting her papers ready. Her teacher hasn't sent her his evaluation yet. Kate will have a look at her personal statement.
Patrick will be late. Debra will see him in the evening.
Charlie passed the CLO. He had internet access. Enrique came into the office and helped Charlie copy it from his phone.
Bill and Annette are on their way to the airport.
Jim didn't receive any calls for Steve.
Esme, Eliza and Rose will have a Skype call tonight at 8 pm.
Dusan will come for 1 lesson tomorrow at 4-5:30. There are 4 students, upper intermediate level. The course book is English File.
There was an earthquake in China yesterday. The people lost everything.
Natalie's car is still in the shop. It will take almost a month to fix it. The car is probably getting the original parts from Japan.
Mary, Kate and Monica are going to Jerusalem in few days.
Fernando's shot hit the net well.
Matthew and Anthony are going to Greece this summer. They want to spend 5 days on Rhodes, 5 in Crete, 4 in Athens and rent a car and go north to Thessaloniki. Matthew is flying back from Thessaliki. Lisa will stay at Anthony's place tonight.
Collins arranged a quick but important meeting. Helen is sick of this guy. Jeffrey will see her in a while.
Owen is working on a project in Toronto. It's about making good memories, meeting people and helping those in need. Luke will look at the booklet Owen sent him.
Mari's sister has been here with the twins. Louise is hopeless. Dave is driving up to Kidderminster with Ethan tomorrow and can't take Ethan to nursery. Mari is going to ring Sharon's mother to tell Dave to stand up to the woman who is bossing him around.
Anita and Tom went too far last night. They will talk about it over a cup of coffee today.
Nia will come over to Kate's to say hi.
Anna posted a picture with Harry with the caption 'new love'. Ron and Anna had a break up yesterday. Sam thinks Ron needs to talk to Anna.
Linda has been without internet for days due to the NBN being rolled out locally. Georgia and Linda are still waiting for the news.
Jane and Judy's siblings are dating. Jane saw them kissing in front of their house yesterday. Howard needs to ask Andy about it.
Jay, Mark and Hayes have pe today. Smith is not at school, but Hayes is.
Tim has bought a new sofa. He will pick Chris up at 3.30 and they will go for a beer at The Cave or sth.
Jean, Jackie and Philip will go out for a beer.
Samantha sent Lilly a link yesterday. Lilly has been ghosting him recently.
Lucy is interested in Hannah's rollerblades. Hannah is selling them because she got an injury. Lucy will come back to Hannah in the evening.
Robin needs to buy new jeans. Mr. Cheng will give her a lift to the mall.
Kevin will change into a clean t-shirt and will wait for Mom.
Zendaya will be home at 8. Phil will wait with the dinner.
Gina and Drake went to a concert yesterday. Drake liked Basia's music and she seems to be having a good time. Gina hasn't been to any concert for a few years. Drake will ask her next time they're going somewhere.
Beth needs a coffee. Sandra will give her a call when she's ready.
Chris bought a new Galaxy S9. Josh will see it tomorrow at work. Chris took a day off.
Amanda has no news yet. Trevor wants to come over.
Stuart, Warner and Ivor are going to a club near the central bus station tonight.
Ramsay recommends Home Alone, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and The Year Without a Santa Clause films to Julie.
Mellery has to order flowers for the funeral of Johnson's mother. The funeral starts on Wednesday at 11 am. Paul will meet Mellery at 10:30.
Aric didn't pick up the parcel from the post office yesterday. It was already closed. Aric will pick it up today.
Joanne is taking a few days off next week because she is going to spain with her fiancee. She has two presentations with clients next week. Elisabeth, Monica and Rachel will work on the project together.
Maggie wants to go to comic con with nick. David would never go. Maggie will call nick to get all the details.
Anne is thinking about changing her bank. She has an account with Barclays. She wants to get a credit card after three months.
Grace is in the ballroom. Julia and Marie are at the table.
Susie would choose Henry as the name of their future baby boy.
Anna hasn't contacted anyone since 12th October. Mila talked to Anna's father and he said that Anna had warned her that she would disappear for a few weeks and she needed some time alone to figure out what to do.
Conrad got a letter from Donna's mom yesterday. It's an invitation for a wedding. Conrad and Donna are coming.
Jane went to the post office before midday and sent Louis a letter. Louis had to correct some of the translations from Polish for a web site that they're going to publish in book form now.
Emma moved to London a month ago. Her company just opened a branch here. Jacob is the boss' assistant. Jacob travels a little bit.
It's Bart's first day in his new job and he's confused about people. Ann will meet him at MIke's at 10:30.
Philip's article has been published in the New Scientist.
Bryson and Kevin are going to Rammstein concert next Friday. The tickets are sold out.
Amanda forgot about the tutorial office meeting. She will wait until it's over.
Richard feels horrible today. He doesn't want to come to the party. Susan advises him to go to an internist. Susan will send Richard her private insurance number.
Andrea will bring a tent for 2 people max. Brian has a small tent for 3. Andrea doesn't need any climbing stuff.
Martin is at the demo. He and Gonzo will meet next to the police line in 45 minutes.
Mary wants to keep it a secret. She met Jordan and Cindy. Erick told her about it.
Jack, Marianne and Phillip had an accident.
Edward is looking for a good present for Angie for her birthday. Geraldine got Angie a basket of lotions, perfumes, soaps and all that she needs. Angie likes Japanese comic books.
Carter slipped on the floor. Grace will mop it if she dropped something.
Louis is in Petersburg and finds it strange that there is a guy openly masturbating there.
Mia, Katy and Jeff should leave before 3. If nobody comes, they won't have to be here tomorrow.
Richard broke up with Peter 3 years ago.
Tarja, Tom, Chelsea and Jenny are meeting on Saturday.
The "Sala del Capitolo" is in the main building.
Chris and Nick are going to the cementary on November 1st to spend time with their families. Chris changed his name for that night.
Gina is depressed because of the weather. She took a day off work. She has Netflix binge on the sofa. Gina doesn't want to take any medication for depression.
Paul is bored and wants Julia to take him home.
It's Marty's birthday tomorrow. He invites Becky to his party at Jameson Bilard Club at 7 pm.
Brad's engine slows down in random moments. Dom will check it in the evening.
Grace will come with the curly hairstyle tomorrow.
Kelvin wants John to download FIFA19 Pc for him.
JUAN is going to travel to Cuba. This is his first time in a country. He worked in a car's factory the last year. His family is very well-behaved. JUAN will see ALLISON at 3:00 PM SHARP.
Joan will be back around 6.30. Alex will come back earlier and cook. Joan has had a tough day at work.
Judith and Russel will come to watch the game in the evening.
Jack's headache is killing him. Mary and Sarah advise him to take an aspirin.
Fala's son Rafal needs braces to straighten out his teeth. He needs braces for 2 and half years and after that additionally the other one for 1 and a half years. His teeth are not in place and he doesn't use his fangs. The braces cost 2000 dollars and are uncomfortable.
Alice works for Tmf now. She saw the new office last week. Joanna has another student for Alice. They will come back to their standard lessons on Tuesday mornings.
Gregory, Matthew, Mike and Mike are discussing the new game of thrones episode.
Ken and Lia have been to the Polonia Club.
Mercy has played Griffins and Golgoy. Jughead will let her know when the game launches.
June will come home for Christmas but she will stay only 2 days. She is no longer a student, because she has to work. June is vegan, so she won't eat any meat or anything of animal origin.
Marion went to Athens for a week to do sightseeing and then for another week to Crete. They visited some museums, some archaeological sites and of course the Acropolis. Robert and Marion want to go back to Greece next year.
Kate is coming home in 25 minutes. She will eat sandwiches and tea.
Karl and Sharon are going to Dubai this weekend.
Abraham has just vacuumed the whole place.
Anna is fed up with the carpet. She wants to move out. Chay suggests drinking a lot of wine.
Michaela, Ron, Jessie and Steve are discussing the idea of forming an association. They need to divide their work properly. They will meet on Monday after the meeting.
Laura doesn't want to suffer anymore. She wants to be a rich bitch who gets amazing orgasms for breakfast.
John and Ian are both in Catania right now, in the same house they were in last year.
Oleg has a presentation with Ellen Brockovich. Annie and Paul don't have a pair yet. Annie will be with Oleg.
Angela is pregnant. She has a good relationship with the father of the baby. Helen has no plans for the New Year's Eve.
Liam and Oliver are meeting in the lobby in 10 minutes. Oliver is finishing his paper.
Debra's mother is still unemployed and she's trying to find a job. Debra doesn't have any job experience, so she doesn't know if she'll be able to find anything. Bruce wrote to Debra.
Amanda, Petra and Lillian are gossiping about Claudette and Thomas.
Diane, Shirley and Roger like Josh.
Paul is looking for a cleaner for his friends. Barry will contact the organisers.
Ryan needs a programming related project asap. He forgot to submit it before the due date. Isaac has a game developed from the last semester.
Tom, Peter and Chris are not going to the party tonight.
Jill and Ed are going to a jazz concert on the Monday before Thanksgiving. Ed will let Jill know when he finishes up at work.
Tonight at 21:45 a new series of "Grey Zone" comes on BBC4. There will be one or two installments.
Nicole slipped and is waiting to see the doctor. Brandon will prepare her favourite salad.
Everett is at his family's place for Christmas this weekend. Ida will text Everett about it on Monday.
Peter and Jen are coming to Warsaw for the weekend. They will stay on Alex's couch for 2 nights. They are not going to party. The neighbours are annoying. Peter and Jen will see each other on Saturday.
Otto met Brian Richardson on the street. He was fat in high school and didn't like to be in the spotlight.
It's cold and rainy. Jack, Olivia and Thomas think it's terrible.
Lily wants Charlie to lend her a copy of the book she talked about on her last lecture. Charlie has already borrowed it form professor Roberts. Lily will submit her paper now. Charlie will remind her classmates to do the same.
Fran sends Les a photo of herself and Les.
Eva thinks she's allergic to her roommate's cat. She will try an antihistamine.
Joshua has just seen the heritage and finds it boring.
Mike and Harry saw tracey at the weekend. She drank too much and got mouthy with Harry. She was going out with julie and her fella. Mike and Harry know her from old. Harry will call Mike later to let him know.
Kelly got a toy kitchen that broke the next day. Bill got a robot that broke a week later. Freddie asked for a teddy bear from a tv advert but got Alfie the Bear instead. Sarah got a guitar that she couldn't play properly.
Tim doesn't want to come to the concert with Chris and Simon tonight.
Angelo has astigmatism and can't find his glasses. Catherine has a minor corrective prescription. Angelo wants to wear lenses but has a problem with the shape of his eye.
Silvia will be free in 5 minutes.
Bruno will send the details of the KPR project to Winston via e-mail ASAP.
Brie will pick up the keys of Katie's flat today at 15:30.
Davey is looking for the basement key. Deborah doesn't have it.
Josef will be selling his products in the old town today. Bryan will join him.
Turkay is staying in Baku till September. There are more than 2 million people living there. Amanda will visit Turkay today.
Jake has to work late and needs to change a chapter. Max wants to go out with him next week.
Sylvia has just returned from the gym. She's grabbing her suitcase and she's coming.
Gwendoline got Slytherin and Kate got Gryffindor.
William's parents will be staying at his place this Sunday. Emily and Ron will unfuck it.
Amy is going away next week. Mark will sign her in on Thursday at 4.30 pm. Jim will take care of Jim's car. Amy doesn't know his schedule.
Mandy is still at class. Adam finds it boring.
Nelly and Simon are tired after the tracking. Graham is still in bad. Chuck didn't drink last night.
Michael and Betty are going to meet on Monday after work. Betty has another meeting at 8 pm so they will only have around 3 hours.
Bianca and Ahmed will meet at the statistics class.
Julie has an appointment with Sarah at 3.30 this afternoon.
Tom had a hangover on Friday. He called Erica a fat ass in her face.
Emma told max that Hannah hooked up with Will at the party. Hannah doesn't care if she lies.
Royce got back home by taxi. Bert was up till l8.
Dave didn't show up yesterday because he had to stay longer at work. He played some games, drank some beer and fixed yet another broken formula in Excel. Dave and Johnny will meet next weekend.
Charles and Carol are going to the opera next month. Charles will book the tickets.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom got engaged on Valentine's Day.
Alexia will listen to a podcast about a man who changed his diet to help himself feel better.
George's car broke down and he has to get to work. Will will pick him up in 10 minutes.
Ella is going to visit her parents at the weekend. Vicky is staying home, so she and Harry will go for a movie.
Joseph thinks he might be Leo's brother. Leo thinks it's better to talk in person.
Erica wants to sell her Renault laguna. Tom, Barry and Heather think it's good for youngsters.
Gracie is interested in Design STH event. She will come to Zoe's house and they will grab something to eat afterwards.
Coco didn't shower in the morning because the pipe exploded. Noah saw a big puddle around the block.
Luke is 15 minutes late. Jane will come to reception to meet him. Luke is in the blue van.
John is playing the witcher at 15. He is going crazy from the music. He has seen Henry Cavill as Geralt in the books.
Orion misses his rat. Orion's rat died at the funeral.
Frank made tuna salad for lunch. Bhati likes it. Frank doesn't eat crackers on bread.
Saqib and Haris went on a date and he kissed each other. Haris is coming to his home now.
Hope didn't get the job because she doesn't visualize good things. Josie keeps his fingers crossed for her all the time.
Victor, Aaron and Mark are going to a concert of Disperse this Thursday at 7:30 in a small club near the muzeum. Roman is coming and Mark has already confirmed.
Evelyn, Marek and Barbara are going to have a Thursday dinner at Marek's place. Evelyn will call Barbara and bring dessert.
Betty missed her bus. Harriet will leave her ticket with the attendant.
Jim will meet Eva in her office in 10 minutes. He will bring his colleagues Michael and Alan.
Mack has a lot of washing to do. He hasn't spoken to the landlord yet, but he has more time next week. Hakim wants Mack and Hakim to go to an Italian restaurant.
Dave shipped a vinyl copy of Random Acces Memories to Linda's address today. Dave has had some disagreements lately.
Jake had an accident. He injured his knee in a road blocker. King saw Ben.
Nat has seen Kate's jewelery. Kate will make something for Nat.
Doug wants Jessica to take down a photo of herself in a cafe.
Gavyn can't pick up kids from school today because the Japanese came earlier. Shyla will call her mum.
Frank owes Judy two dates, but she owes him two.
Lene, Joona and Ian are going for pizza tonight at the Italian place at the corner. They will make it full in 5 minutes.
It's Patricia's birthday today. Linda wishes her a happy birthday.
Hannah missed the party because she had to help her parents.
Veronica sent Erica the files by wetransfer. The video file has some artifacts at the beginning. Erica will reexport it in 30 minutes.
Susanne will be going for breakfast as soon as they open.
James is going to ask Sandy about what to get Mary, his girlfriend.
Carter ran almost 4 miles today. He did it in 30 minutes.
Julia is sick for the second time this month. She's taking an antibiotic.
Trisha threw her Farsi notes away by accident last night. Rob's notes are useless. Zach has all his notes.
Amy had an abortion. Amy talks openly about it.
Noemi liked Alicia's Chloe Marlene perfume today.
Alexandra hasn't been writing for Christmas. She's busy with work and she's probably not going to be able to visit Joanna in the summer. Joanna and Alexandra miss each other.
Cassandra, Helen, Elsa and Lindsay are going to meet tomorrow at 11.30 at the park. Helen didn't know swimming lessons carried on in the holidays.
David hasn't received the money for December yet.
Albert and Jeffrey can't wait for the new season of American Gods to come out. It's not Netflix and it won't be possible to binge watch properly.
Kate wants to drop out of design class. She hates it here.
Reggie will help Kris redecorate his room on Saturday.
Mark took a loan for a new model because he needed something safer, bigger. Jake will be there tomorrow to sell the model.
Claire will let Tony know when the boss comes.
Paula's sister is visiting Ron for New Year's Eve. Ron is going to Hashaba. Paula will let him know if she wants to join.
Ralph will pick Chris up in half an hour. Chris will smuggle his own snacks.
Rita didn't take breakfast with her. Lina will give her a sandwich.
Bob and Alice are going to a panel tomorrow. Bob doesn't know what to tell them about class. Alice will read Bob's outline.
Bunny and Albert are going to meet at 8.
Bob would like to apply for the position of Social Media Manager at Lucy's company. He has 4 years experience in social media management for several small companies in the area. Lucy will look over Bob's CV and HR will be in touch with him about setting up an interview.
Finley will cook spaghetti for Karson. Karson has work early tomorrow.
Beata had her birthday 4 days ago. Rafal wishes her happy birthday.
Monica will drop in after work at 5.30 to give Carl back the summer holiday brochure he lent them on Monday. Monica will tell Carl more when they meet.
Greta's mother, Carol, is always following her when she cleans the house. Miriam will contact Carol and sort it out.
Josh and Agnes are on their way to the resort. They stopped at McDonald's twice and will be there in an hour.
April wants to go for a bike ride with Archibald, but he has a funeral to attend. April will join him around noon.
Jody's hubby uses 5 shirts a week and can't iron them himself. He burnt Jody's favourite shirt and two of his own. Jody has an iron at home. Lynn will come over tomorrow around 2:00 to judge if it works.
Anna will look at the topic and comments on last week's topic.
Nancy wants to visit Mary and Nina at 8.15.
Gregory and Paul are going to the cinema to watch Climax.
Stacy will buy Rocky Road ice cream for George.
Harvey and Carol will go to the skiing resort next Saturday. Harvey works every other Saturday, so he will pay for the gas. Carol will tag alon.
Jan, Emma and Ricardo got a negative review from the landlord. Jan will write to her and apologize. Emma might leave some cigarette fags on the balcony.
Jill will copy Ashley's homework for tomorrow as she's going out with her parents tonight.
Sebastian found a gold on youtube.
Aisha woke up at 6 am to have a baby.
Terry will borrow Gina's kayak this weekend. Gina will pick it up on Thursday around 6.
Claire, Nate and Paula are stressed out about the language test. Claire doesn't think she's ready for it. Nate will wait for her at the entrance.
Jane has a gym membership with 24/7 access. It costs 50 quid per month. Charles doesn't have a pool.
Wendy broke mum's vase. It's not completely destroyed, but there's a huge scratch on it. Brenda advises Wendy to put it back and turn it so that they can't see it.
Corbin reminds Buck and Donald to bring ID.
Matt left because he felt bad. He can't talk right now.
Olivia's relationship with a guy ended 30 minutes ago. She doesn't fancy him. She wants to meet him again. Olivia wants to go to the cinema again.
Caitlin will tell David that Erica is not going tonight.
Robert and Madeline are going to the Opera to see "King Roger". Madeline doesn't like Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich and Szymanowski. Robert will book it.
Joe slept in and will be at work in 20 minutes. Rob will cover for him.
Sally is coming to Ironwood this summer at 3:40 pm. Sundy will meet her at the airport.
Alfie and Riley are having a drink in the weather.
Ben is online today. He is looking for programmers. He and Kim are going to have pizza with coke tonight.
Mary will come to Lisa's flat at Green Square 12 around 8 pm. Lisa will wait outside at 8.
Riley doesn't have rice. Giny will buy it.
Steve wants Anton to give him a quarter of an hour to go.
Anne, Caroline and Hannah are meeting at 10:30 in front of the mall.
Mark and Monica got engaged. Rose doesn't believe it.
Mark and Abigail are in the Alps. They arrived yesterday but were too exhausted to ski.
Peter's grandmother died last night. He spent a lot of money on the holidays. Paul will pick him up from the airport tomorrow at 11.30 PM.
Nora and Simon are going shopping this afternoon. Nora will buy goat cheese, curried zucchini and goat cheese. Simon will buy 10 yogurts.
Keira has made American hash. She made sweet potatoes, onions, kale, garlic, parmesan and eggs. Lucinda will try it once.
Lilly, Oliver and Lynn want pizza. Riley has already eaten.
Dorothy and Peter are going to the garage at 7 sharp to get rid of knick knacks. Peter is going to take a shower first. They will eat something before they leave.
Gina will have spaghetti for dinner with Kate.
Sandra wants Una to help her with something. Una will come over in no time.
Maria and Nora will meet at the restaurant at 8 pm.
Andrew's boss is upset because a friend of her son's is coming to his son's birthday party.
Stella stopped paying for CC Adobe account. She needs to use it for one of her projects.
Ben doesn't feel well and won't go to choir rehearsal tomorrow. He has a runny nose and his voice isn't well. He will practise at home until Saturady.
Kerry doesn't want Guy to come over tonight.
The British teenager that escaped to Syria in 2015 is ideologically dangerous and could radicalise others. Andreas and Jeff can relate to their problems.
Meg has got a new job. It's a marketing department at a publishing house giving out materials for teachers.
Neal had his tooth removed. His brother never keeps his mouth shut.
Alex forgot about going to church on Sunday. Mom reminds him to put on the coat and go.
Mindy didn't drive today and Pater forgot to take them out. Carol is ordering dinner tonight for her cost kiddos.
Leo got in a fight with michel. Nathan will order a beer for Leo.
John and Jack are meeting in the evening at 20.
Will has a new pool in his garden. He got a good deal from Jack who sorted him out. Damian wants to have his parents' garden done.
There are over 20 people dead so far in cold weather. Hillary is not leaving the house.
Pete has just watched a youtube video that shows incredible stunts people do. Pete envies them.
Francis needs Reynold to help him with heating installations. Reynold will come on Friday evening and help Francis with the installation.
Nick will buy some bread and avocados for Amanda.
Ethan forgot the flat number. Jared forgot it again.
Nick didn't pass the exam again. He got a B+.
Isaac and Ivy are going to the motor show.
Todd found Tiffany's dirty door on his apt door. Tiffany lives there. Todd is about to drop hammers on the BoD and mgmt ahead of the meeting. Julia will prepare popcorn first.
Jada is in Islington. She has two sessions in a private clinic later on. Jada is not in the mood for the sessions at the clinics. She feels drained out afterwards.
Milo has to go to dentists and braces. Dan will tell Matt about it.
Abigail received a letter from the education centre informing her that they need a copy of her ID before she can start working. Ava will help Abigail tomorrow.
Amanda, Olivier and Peter are going to the Harry Potter formal hall. The tickets are sold out now. Peter will try to get one more hand.
Patrick wants James to apply for the position of a Sales Person.
Wanda has a lot of work to do at Uni. Wanda wants to stay in Scotland and study history. She has two days off from lectures at the end of next week and she wants to do a PGCE next Thursday. Helena's sister teaches Geography in Brighouse.
Kate broke the tap. John recommends John to call Mr. Johnston.
Paulina and Jesus are approaching the town. Jesus is waiting at the platform.
Ingmar will be visiting London this week. Kevin is not going out much. Miranda recommends Dino's pizza place at Bottom Alley 50. Xiao recommends Mimi Creperie.
Mary went to the library with Carl. Adam doesn't know where Mary is.
Hayley won't forget the present for Crystal tomo.
Pam is interested in the process of getting a Belarusian visa. She wants to search for her family roots. Milton was in Belarus for 4 days 10 years ago.
Miriam and Hope went to see Brad yesterday. Brad works on Sundays and doesn't know how to organise his time. Miriam will try and feed on the positive memories from yesterday.
Adrian is going to Mardi Gras Spot on 2812 Toulouse St. tomorrow. Ciara has already bought her costume a few weeks ago.
Ursula will come over to Craig in 15 minutes. Ursula cleaned Jennie's bathroom.
Lizzy is stopping by a shopping centre to buy a Christmas present for Toby.
Sam will call Lucy when he finds her phone.
Oliver left his umbrella at Mia's place. Mia will bring it to the meeting tomorrow.
Emma missed andy's song. She will plan again.
Guy wants to change his birth date claiming that he feels younger than 69.
Danicka doesn't have candles for Patrick's birthday party. Jensen has some at home. Danicka will bring them.
Vanessa reminds Jordan that they segregate waste at the home.
Anne has just thrown away the curry wurst she brought from Berlin and used the jar as a pot for a hyacinth.
Marlene, Jennifer and Maria are going to the June Ball.
The meeting at 6.30 has been moved to 8.
Holly will have biology class in room 208 next to 209.
Patricia's electric heater is off. Niall will load the dishwasher and he will check it. The report has to be sent on Monday.
Veronica broke up with Jason. Kendall and Madeline are happy for her.
Tim came back from trekking yesterday. He was considering stopping in Wroclaw to meet Bart. Bart is leaving for Canada tomorrow for 3 weeks.
Lisha's computer is dead. She will borrow Rasha's computer. Rasha will bring Lisha lunch tomorrow.
Toby's mother died this morning. She was diagnosed with breast cancer a few weeks ago.
Karen wants Jim, Vanessa and dad to come downstairs.
Nigel and Hannah will go to the bookstore called "Buchladen zur schwankenden Weltkugel" tomorrow. Hannah has the day off, but needs to get her hair done at 11 am. Tristan moved back to Bielefeld and is working at the shoe store.
Sandy is ordering cosmetics. She will split the delivery costs. Esther wants aloe vera cream.
Cheryl, Ariana and Logan are going to Reunion. They will discuss it over a beer tonight at 8.
Nathan is taking an old backpack with a life long warranty. Peter and Gregory are excited.
Joshua took a photo of a possum in his backyard. Nelson is scared of them.
Tom is working for the last 2 days. He will send more materials from Ireland in a week time. Tom wants to sell a moisture meter on Asonik.pl. Tom's father's old business will be rebuilt by the end of September.
George is out of wifi at the airport. Ana thought somebody robbed him.
George's IQ decreases by 20% after a 2-week holiday.
Henry has just seen the prettiest girl. She's tall, skinny, about 23 with brown eyes, brown hair and looking sad.
Sally is going to petes on Saturday. Aj will join her. Aj got a new job.
Chris is at work and his phone is not updating properly. The Cowboys are beating the Saints. The defense has played well. Gregory fumbled in the red zone.
Erik and Mark were ill this week. Carol gave them paracetamol and ibuprofen every 4 hours. If Sarah doesn't recover soon, she may call her doctor. She has a big meeting in two days in Dublin.
Mary and Tom are in Finland. Joona will let them know as soon as they've landed.
Luca is almost there. Stanley will bring her some bottled water and some beers.
Sienna's grandma is a little better but she can't live alone. Sienna's mum is probably going to move in with her, but she needs to work to get back to work. Jean will let Sienna know when he hears about it.
Pump Truck got her nickname from her huge boobs. Some guys took a photo of her naked in the girls' locker room.
Kinga is annoying Agnieszka and Matt. Kinga made them second coordinator. Agniezka thinks it's time to look for another job. Matt and Edyta will go for a smoke.
Tyler's flight has been deleyed and he's stuck at the airport. He and Will will go for a drink.
Amy, Jessica and John will throw Julie a surprise birthday party on Saturday before her birthday.
Isabella wants Jack to write to someone about buying the "soap" for dishes and sponge. Isabella met the guys yesterday and talked to them. They ignore her messages.
Jay, Sandra and Paul are going on a trip. Sandra will bring a spare sleeping bag.
Harry and Katie are on their way but Jane forgot her book. They change to Piccadilly and take W7 to Muswell Hill. The journey takes up to 40 minutes.
John Snow set up PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX. He's creating the first passenger shuttle to the moon. The ticket is currently around $ 35 mil. Blair will buy a VR headset for Tiffany.
Stanley needs a driver at 7 pm. Alexander will give him a lift to Warsaw, Reymonta Street. Stanley will stay for a couple of hours until his friend arrives.
Josh is leaving the office at the end of the month. People thought he would get promoted rather than fired.
Kayla's birthday is on Friday. Jeff and Tom are going to order a necklace from a jewelry producer.
Sue and Alex are going to the gym tonight.
Judyta is looking for a drying rack in Tesco. Marta has a spare drying rack. Judyta will pick her up and they will go to Marta together.
Pitt wants Shein to send him the ASIC file asap.
Simon, Tom and Andrew are meeting at 8 sharp at Simon's place.
Rob will be out of the office most of the day. He needs to be in the centre of Plymouth for about 11.30. Sue will get Graham Mason on that. They will start after the new year.
Dan has a problem with a leaking pipe. Dan and Brian got it covered right away, but they don't have hot water for now, so they have to wait for the plumber to fix it. Jess has a date today.
Ann has had a lot of work and moved to Lublin. She will send Tom her new address.
Tom is going on a trip to Mount Rush tomorrow.
Ben is visiting sebastian this weekend in Warsaw. Tomorrow they go to a concert at the Voice. Miley and John will meet Ben at 5.
Michael received an offer from the provider. He wants to change his phone for something better with better camera. The provider offers a few bundles and packages, most of them are for new clients. Michael will cancel the deal and sign a new one a new client.
Dylan and Maya enjoyed their Christmas party at the office yesterday. Their boss and Silvia were dancing, but they avoided each other.
Rodney cancels the workshops with Kika for 3-4.11. Mela will be on the cementary tour. Monica is away for the weekend.
Hayden is sad ABC is not renewing Nashville. Hayden finished season 4.
Freda doesn't want to go to the Chistnas Party because it's too cold. Betty will buy a ticket.
Ben doesn't want to go to Rachel's party because he has some serious issues.
Keira is sitting next to a man for the next three hours.
Saanvi and Konnor are going to buy a German boxer tomorrow. Konnor has a friend who has a lot of pets.
Kieran, Luke, Gery and David are going for an early sesh tomorrow at 630. Daniel will bring a camera.
Allan got half of the stuff. Frank will get 30 more.
Jo is going to the super market. Meg doesn't need anything.
Daniel is going to Tasmania tomorrow. He sent Henry a photo from a zoo.
Wilson has just entered his room. He has just arrived. He will spend the entire day on the pitch tomorrow. He would like Leah to come back with him.
Leu and Bill will be sitting on the house till the end of their lives. They are considering selling their flat in Ballito. Bill drank a lot last night.
Gloria couldn't stay till the end of the meeting because she was leaving at around 12. They had only done a, b and c. Gloria and Joel agree on a new deal. They will meet tomorrow.
Una and Vera will go to Fine Tea room on 5th street on Sunday.
Felis's cat woke her up at 3 am and wanted to be pet. Felis was tired and fell asleep. She opened her wardrobe and pulled out her all sweaters.
Amira doesn't think professor mulligan would be willing to write a recommendation leter for Caroline.
Lillianne's brother met a new girl online. He doesn't know how to handle girls. He gave her a very expensive gift. Lillianne tried to talk to him but he's sensitive.
Carol wants Michelle to recommend a good politics blog. Michelle doesn't read any politic blogs because they're all biased. Michelle will text Carol with the best ones later today.
Ethan is thinking of buying a smartwatch. He wants to have the step tracker. He doesn't always have his phone with him. He will look into Best Buy.
Janine is going boating with Zoe and Jacob. Zoe is 6 and Jacob is 6. Zoe has a boyfriend already.
Sandra's 4-year-old son has a diarrhoea. She's going to the hospital.
Lee, Sam and Tom are going to the gym tonight at about 9 pm. Tom can't finish that in the morning. Sam will be there before 9.
Kate talked to the agent about the fittings on Saturday set on Monday. Mark won't make it this weekend.
FATM just released a new single. Sophia and Claire love FATM's music. The album is probably coming out next year.
Rosy will forward the job offer to Mike.
It was St Patrick's Day today. Theresa was not with them. David can't wait to drink with the King.
Richard, Tommy, Andrew and Andrew will buy a book about photography for Przemek's birthday. Andrew will collect the money.
Fred quit his job because of mobbing. He wants to work as UX designer or dev op. He will call them when he has time to hang out.
Olivia will come to Jacob's place this weekend to learn how to play cards. Noah will give her his number.
Christine and Joan are hyping about the concert. Christine will look into the train tickets for the concert which is 6 months away.
Stephanie has Kev's number 8767.
Ron will be at Alice's house in 5 minutes.
Bud and Buzz are going to have a beer in 5 minutes.
Keith has a few servings of fish extra from this morning. Alex will chip in.
Boris forgot the shopping list on the trolley. Phil will key it in for him now.
There are 53 days until the end of school year. Marta has some time to buy her swimming suit.
Steve will order a new display from Bill.
Ray, Garry, Paula, Rory and Artie enjoyed Amy's birthday party.
Sarah came back from yoga class and enjoyed it. Nina wants to join her next time. Sarah will wear comfy clothes, water and a towel.
Mike's week at work was crazy with many business meetings and conference calls to clients. Joanne's company is growing rapidly and she needs new staff. Mike will send her vacant jobs.
Joanna and Monica are having a video conference. Joanna is laughing at her.
Jeanne, Vanessa, Clive and Jaimie are discussing pineapple on pizza.
Beth and Sammy are going to eat soup tomorrow. Sammy will wear a casual dress.
Graham was hit by a piece of sh*t in Tesco car park Black Rd. He wants to report it to the police.
Krystal and Mikayla miss Cuba. They want to go again next year.
Jessica will join Tom and his friends on the dance floor around 10.
It's been half an hour since the meeting with Shaw. He was stuck with the work. He will be ready in 2 minutes. Everyone's waiting for him.
Ria, Ben, Lars and Holly have won the petition.
Karen went on a date to a thrift store. She picked outfits for each other.
Steven, Margaret, Lesley and Harry are meeting in the garage to discuss what to buy Mum for her birthday. Steven wants to buy her an iron. Margaret suggests a spa break.
Max, Jeremy, Ken, Jason Hollis and Rawiri discuss the harms of smoking cannabis. David used to smoke baccy avec hashish but no longer smokes it.
Nora is sending photos to Harper but they haven't gone through to her yet. Harper will check later.
There was a brawl in front of a supermarket on Black Friday. The security wouldn't open the mall until 9 am and the crowd went out of control. Gary and Paul are going for a beer at 8 pm.
Dylan went to the barbershop for the first time. He looks great. Natalie wants Ian to go too.
Sam, Jennifer, Lucy and Nicola are going to run a half marathon together.
Shane and Ed are going to the cinema to watch a movie. Shane will pick up Ed's bag after the movie.
Tom found a photo of his dad's dad, who died in Vietnam. He got a Purple Heart for bravery in combat.
Cinthia is already at home. Danielle is making a trafic jam.
Lucy put the schedule for next term in Lucy's pigeon holes.
Elisa has a lot of free time at the uni. She has 1 hour on Monday, 2 hours on Tuesday, 1 hour of tutoral on Wednesday, and 1 more hour of tutorial on Monday afternoon. She also has a job at the aberdeen exibition and conference Center.
Harry's sister's cat is allergic to eggs. Peter will take Daphne to the vet. Harry and Alice are meeting tomorrow at Barney's.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies. Rachel will bring onion crisps.
Margaret had a car accident today. She has just a few scratches on the forehead.
Hank is going to the store to buy ice cream for his sister.
Miley and Corey miss each other very much.
Emily didn't increase her marks in Prof. Greg's office today. She will apologize to prof. Greg tomorrow.
Sindey and Zanick are going for a beer on Friday.
Helene will come next Thursday as David would be away. Helene's bed is waiting for her. She has a sport meeting at 7 pm and will be there at 8:30 pm.
Sayed is working on his own again. Barry quit. He gets 50p per hour and Meera is on nights too. Meera has a meal at the hospital so she has to make her own food. Sayed is playing on his phone at the moment. Pete and Sayed will meet at the match on Sunday.
Carole is getting along with Jake. Alison is happy for Carole.
William wants to move to Austria for at least a year. William was once in Vienna for 10 days. He's always at the top of the liveable cities in the world.
Hans has a photo of himself and Gary.
Henry is preparing for a meeting with the staff from Germany. They showed them around the new facilities this morning.
Rose forgot her keys. Steven found her keys and put them in the basket.
Mia and Mira will have tomato soup today.
John's wife wants him to spend more time with the kids and spend time with his wife. John doesn't enjoy the family life. George suggests a break on Friday night.
Farrah and Wilder have no plans for the weekend. Farrah is going to the gym today and housework tomorrow. Wilder is preparing for Christmas season.
Justin sends Abraham, Paula and Paula a photo of The Flying Pig.
Mat doesn't like cats. Anna has 2 cats named Fluffy and Butters.
Jonathan is going to the field trip. Monica is giving additional marks for coming. Jonathan needs to impress to pass the class.
Mason is not going to COMM345 because he's feeling sick.
Dean and Sam went to the party after Sam left. Amanda left after 20 minutes with a guy who looked exactly like her ex. Sam met someone who puked all over his shoes when they were leaving.
Danny will let Derek sleep for once and let him sleep.
John and Tim are looking for an apartment to rent. The lady who owns the flat doesn't seem enthusiastic about it. John will let Alan know how it went.
James, Mary and Patrick are going to see a game after work. They will leave some food for later.
Tom needs to leave some documents at the university. Nora will bring them to his place in 15 minutes.
Anna and Mary don't think Gill will come to the party.
Matt went for a walk with the dog two minutes ago. Ross will be late today.
Paula spent a great time there. Tim and Paula will jam more often once Paula is back in town.
Amanda, Harry, Jim, Lily and Tom are going to have veggie chilli tonight.
Jess is at Mia's place. She took the wrong bus and her phone died. Sean will pick her up in 20 minutes.
Samantha is staying at her parent's for another week till sunday. Ruth wants Samantha to go to Vertigo, a jazz dance club. Samantha is coming back on 20th and will probably need to rest.
Caroline and Alex will go shopping on Mon.
Michael saw John's register with Ava. Ava wanted to copy notes.
Paul and Nicole love each other very much.
Frank has an interview with Goldman Sachs. It starts at 7 pm on Thursday. The tickets cost 80 quid.
Rich and Alex will meet for lunch tomorrow at 1 pm at the Indian place on Main Street.
Mary loves her new curtains. Adam doesn't have windows yet.
Gibson added Camdyn as a friend.
Teddy will let Alex know when they start playing basketball.
Udo will be at James' place in 20 minutes. He was supposed to be at 6. Udo will go shopping first.
Timmy doesn't want to load the dishwasher because it's Monica's turn.
Tony is in America. He finds the cheapest bread unbearable. There is a shop with Finnish food close to Tony's place.
Jo came back last night and is doing fine.
Dorothy doesn't want to go to the pub with Henry tonight. Henry suggests some other place.
Dorothy is going to date Tom from Sam's morning English literature class.
Steve, Andrew and Rachel are excited about the Glastonbury line-up.
Josh and Helen are on their way to Tanger.
Jenny's essay deadline is at the end of November. George lost his notes. Jenny will write 10000 words.
Julie and Tim have seen the last SNL episode. Damon did marvelous job. Grace is in the middle of watching it.
Tom, Peter and Charles have been to Agrigento recently. They recommend a bar called "aPutia Bottega Siciliana" in "Vicolo Salemi" style.
Doris' sister, 3 years her senior, had a heart attack early on Tuesday morning. She has had 2 stents fitted and is on the mend. Her sister walked a 21 km marathon on Sunday. Doris will drive to see her soon.
Monica's apartment search is not going well. She hasn't been able to meet her potential roommates. Owen will come over on Thursday night to take a look at the apartment. Monica will bring some wine and beer.
Cailin is at a friends place. Emory is watching the X Factor.
The rowing practice is cancelled. Many of the members have injuries, some are sick.
Erin can't come to Paula's thanksgiving dinner as she has work on Friday.
Edward thinks the theme for tomorrow's farewell party is "Gatsby".
Marc is sore after yesterday's training. He will go to the gym tomorrow.
Roc got the wrong number. Will will help Roc.
Eleonor, Tasha, Patricia and Betty will meet next Sunday at Jeff's bar.
Ashley, Gerardo and Anna will attend an eyebrow skillshare.
Patricia sent Elle and Florence a fair-trade brand Patricia has been talking about.
Dia has just landed in Frankfurt. Dad will bring Dia some warm things to put on. They don't have to go out at all. They will phone in the evening.
Sam owes Alex $100. Sam will give it back tomorrow.
Julie and Saul have been waiting for Saul for half an hour. Saul is almost there.
Kate is going to the beach right now. There is an invasion of jellyfish on the coast. Lisa has had more than 1000 people seeking treatment for bluebottle stings today.
Carmen came back from holidays and Anna is waiting for her to respond to project scheduling to confirm dates. Oscar didn't respond to Anna's last emails. Anna will remind Oscar the dates.
Fran and Megan are going to work long weekend.
Chris is on his way to Peter's place. Chris has brought a jumper and sparklers. Tracy might come. Chris would like to take her out. Tracy's single and has an ex. Chris will chat to her tonight.
Cara's date for graduation is June 4th. She has to book a plane, but it's quite expensive. Carla's parents will come too, so she can stay at home for the week.
Beti and Milo are going on a school trip on Wednesday. Gita works part time as a music teacher, going round schools. Bev's sister works in management, so she doesn't see her kids every day.
Greg has just texted Julia. He apologises and wants to meet with her. Julia has been through this before. She has to get up early tomorrow to go to sleep.
Marry broke her nail at the cosmetitian's party tomorrow. She will call her sister to let her know if anyone will help her.
Paige asked them to wait and send the declaration later. They want to close it asap. Lisa is afraid she forgets about it later. The deadline for payment is 31 March anyway.
