A wants to get a puppy for his son. He's ready now. He'll get one that won't grow up too big and eat too much. He took him to the animal shelter last Monday. He'll name it after his dead hamster, Lemmy.
Emma and Rob like the advent calendars they got for their children. They are filled with small toys, Christmas decorations, creative stuff, hair bands & clips, stickers, pencils & rubbers, puzzles, sweets and notes asking their children to do something nice for someone else.
Madison is pregnant. She doesn't want to talk about it. Iggy thinks Madison is worried about it. Jackie felt like she was pregnant on Patricia Stevens' wedding.
Marla found someone's underwear under her bed. It's not hers, but it's probably someone else's. Marla's sister convinced someone to put their underwear in her room as a dare.
Fred will give Robert the address of the music shop he needs to buy guitar cable.
Keith and Megan are running out of milk and cereals. Megan will buy them.
Samantha and Holly are surprised by Samantha's noise.
Tom invited Marion and Adam for a dinner at Fiesole.
Jane wants to make a reservation for 6 people at 21:00 tonight. Vegano Resto will offer her a table for six at 18:30 or at 21:00.
Nancy is working in Cardiff. Tina misses her. Nancy is coming home in 6 weeks. She is travelling with 3 other Brits working in Cardiff.
Laura needs a new car. Jamie suggests she buy a second hand one.
Haylee is in dairy section but can't find the coconut milk yoghurt she wants.
Norbert and Wendy are waiting for the tour. Wendy is buying something. Norbert missed the last one because of Wendy.
Cecil went to the Jandia Peninsula. It was windy and windy. He wants to explore the south of the island tomorrow. He will decide after dinner.
Sophie hasn't found the bag. Nickola is looking for pockets and handbags.
Rosie is writing an essay. Elle will cover "The Room" and "Planet 9 from outer space". Elle will check "Toxic Avenger" and "Vampire Hunter".
James has a dream to become a voice actor. He has a microphone at home and he could make a homemade radio station.
Alice has errands and she didn't get lunch. She's going for drinks after work. She'll invite Fred and a bunch of others.
Caron is out from 12 and Sash needs to go out soon.
Matteo is annoyed with Gosia because he likes football and video games.
Jannette is coming to Ramzi's for dinner.
Jeniffer and Hildegard are preparing ravioli.
Lawrence will be in a few minutes to finish the article.
Chad sent Brennen a photo of himself.
Sadie will borrow Chloe's bike on Tuesday. She needs to go to the dentist soon after work. Chloe will pick it up on Wednesday evening.
Olivia is working on a new restaurant in the city. Carter is developing the restaurant business. Olivia is interested in working there. Carter will discuss the idea in person.
Kristine is worried about Kenny's condition. She's at St Marks Hospital near Asda.
Joey and Olivia broke up. Skyler met Olivia 2 days ago.
Amanda went to dance classes with Michael yesterday. The instructor needed a partner to show the steps. Amanda volunteered to help him.
Taylor hasn't introduced her bf to Isabel. Isabel hasn't had any.
Theo is leaving on Friday. He is going to the Italian Alpes near Torino. Toby will join him for the weekend and come back by train on Monday.
Brandon hasn't called to say he'd be late. Clara will prepare a report on the absenteeism and absenteeism by Friday on her desk.
Suzie is sick again and she cancels her appointment. Olga will reschedule the appointment.
Diane is afraid of her children Lorelai.
Andrew has a cold. Daniel will drop by after work to help him with some things.
John, Alex and Sam are watching 'Millionaires' on tv.
Jessica has the cinnamon cookies recipe. Angelica has it.
Sophie is waiting for a client who is already 40 minutes late. She will meet with her in 15 minutes at the restaurant.
Daniel is on his way. Sue is going downstairs. Daniel is with the Volvo.
Betty will buy some Asian salmon for din din. George has some squash. Betty will pick up shaving cream for George at CVS.
Ken installed endomondo everyday. He started running and wanted to track his progress. He checked his phone for results and it was off. He had a battery almost depleted.
Ivan hasn't been to Ann's birthday party. He will come next time.
Ashley posted a picture of herself on her facebook page. Rowan has more important things to do.
Mikolaj's wife's papers with the working permission were sent to him by the government. The letter says they won't make it in time and need another month.
Ann is at the red table at the 3rd floor lobby. Peter is still there. They will have lunch together.
Sus is sleepy. Val is too.
Kate and Kai are at the Guggenheim right now. They will go to the Museum of the city of NY around 2.30. Ish is downtown with some friends. Terry will join them afterwards for a coffee.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's house. She'll come to Broke's at 10 tonight.
Frederica will come to Bradley's birthday party tomorrow at 8 pm.
Camilla received 250. It usually takes around two days to arrive.
Lilliana is going to have lunch and maybe a nap today. She will still get paid for her work.
Margaret has just had a shower. She wants to go shopping with Meg at 1 pm near her school.
Maria Curie is the greatest Pole.
Miles needs to push this project. Tim and Gregory have an idea.
Julia is at work. Morgan and Julia will meet for a drink later.
Marta is at the supermarket to make some shopping for today's dinner. She's got spaghetti yesterday by Patric and the day before. She'll buy the meat and sauce and let's make a lasagne. Nick can learn how to cook.
Dzuka and Anna will change the staff meeting to 8:30 instead of 8:00.
Will is checking his tests. Daniel, Gabriel, Dave and Erica are disappointed.
Sydney and Gavin will take a day off to look for the Game of Thrones characters in the city. Melanie is serious about it.
Aubray is watching a new movie with SRK. She doesn't like the singing and dancing.
Lassie treated Jane's shoes this time. She left the door to her room open again.
Julia needs a new winter jacket. Isabel prefers Arkadia. She will go to the shops on Saturday afternoon at 4,5 pm.
Sally is currently unavailable for contracting. She has included her friend and colleague Laura in the conversation. Laura has extensive experience and fantastic work ethics. Sally will join Michael's meeting in person or via skype.
Kate Doran is interested in buying the books "Legal English for Polish purposes" and "Business English dictionary". Patricia Keys works at the Och theatre. Kate Doran will come to the theatre at 7 pm.
Doris is almost there. Judy and Sara were sitting outside, but Sara was cold. Judy and Sara are upstairs.
Elton John is the greatest of all time.
Leonardo is going to the airport for a few weeks. He will pick him up at around 6,30.
Franklin's child is crying. Faye advises him to change his diapers and give him a bottle.
It's sunny but cold in Edinburgh. Vanessa and Abigail love the weather.
Jacob was with Henry last Saturday. His parents were searching for him.
Jack is busy with college stuff and work. He'll be in the Apple shop in an hour to check out the new IPad.
Andrzej has missed Magda's class three times. He had an accident and now he has a stomach pain.
Kate was at the office a second ago. Robert has been calling Mark all day but his phone is off. He was supposed to send Kate his notes on the Faircase review. He gave his notes to Jenny. Kate will swing by tomorrow for lunch.
Grace has a new website. Andrea will show her some photos from Claire's wedding.
Luke, Ken, Summer and Summer had a great wave today.
Martha is in the hospital for a few weeks. Marcel wants to go on Monday. Martha is already 30 weeks pregnant.
Angela sent Jack and Essy the wedding pictures.
Kate and Mary will drink a bottle of wine for their anniversary.
Camil, Jannet and Mick are going bowling on Friday at 8 pm. Luna will go at 9 pm. They will meet at Camil's place at 7 pm.
Harry is going to Ikea this evening. He wants to buy a desk for his office room. Harry's girlfriend has the same problem on sweets aisle in a supermarket.
Jane is going to Sunny Turkey.
Prudence will pick Sally up at work in 40 minutes.
Sebastian wishes Casper happy birthday. Casper and Sebastian will meet for a beer or two.
Jagger needs to buy a new car. Byron will ask a guy who specialises in old vw if he can buy a new one.
Harry will check if he has his math book.
Dwight is not home yet. Greg will leave his parcel in the security office.
Edd and Anderson are being transferred to a different department. Edd and Anderson are worried about the paperwork.
Trayson's flight got cancelled due to bad weather. Mike is booking her for another flight.
Hollie is angry at Helga for criticising what she cooked. Helga thinks Hollie doesn't understand Armenian.
Daniel got the results from the blood tests he did. He reached the clinic on the phone.
William and Quinn are going to watch a new Marvel movie on Monday. Isabel will come on Monday.
Samuel is blocking Andrew's video.
John likes simulation games. He likes flying a plane or commanding a tank. He likes World of Tanks.
Sheryl and Jeff will visit Ann in the hospital.
Chris wishes Sandra happy birthday.
Keaton is watching Wrestling on Channel 7.
Fanny thinks she messed up the project. Zed is worried. Fanny is worried. Zed will call Michael.
Sophia missed the tram. Ella will come on.
Gitega is 20 times smaller than Bujumbura. It will take 3 years to move the capital. Nkurunziza promised it in 2007 to avoid protests and clashes.
Arnold is buying curved TVs for Black Friday. There are only 2 left. Baldwin will send Arnold a photo of the shop's location.
Tomas is from Eastern Europe. He's from Bled, near the Alps.
Mia needs a hand with repairing the bathroom door.
Alexander ate so much, he can't move. Harold and Alexander are happy for Christmas.
Caroline got a new Toyota. She is considering a new Mitsubishi. Jessy is thinking about Infinity or Toyota. Clara thinks it's too much money for a new one.
Emma forgot to send Clara the link to the website.
Luigi and Pablo are watching Mayweather's fight. Mayweather beat Conor in 5-6 rounds.
Emily and Sophie were not informed about the change of ENG teachers. The school was closed for 2 weeks and no one would be available to deal with their questions and concerns. The new teacher has an MA in education and is a native Canadian speaker. Annie and Jenny are happy with the new teacher.
Tim is asking Joan to calm down.
Monica and Rachel will take the shuttle bus at 2. The lecture is at 5 pm. The next shuttle is at 5.30. They will take a public bus at about 4.
James and Bella are playing a new expansion for Isle of Skye. They will start at 2 PM.
Wanda got her keys in her bag.
Jane has fallen ill again. Rob thinks Jane needs to pick up ideas or she will need another job.
Patrick is happy with the news.
Mia is leaving in 5 minutes. Sam will check if he unplugged the iron in his room.
Megan is cleaning the house. She will bring her kids to Megan's place.
John won't be able to attend because of work.
Sophie and Olivia are going to have tacos and barritos for dinner. Olivia will be home in 20 minutes.
Lena is moving to a new home. She is tired of the house and wants to relax. Stefy and Lena will have a real garden next month.
Lilly and her husband just got back from vacation. They went to Mexico for the summer. Lilly is looking for a new Italian place in Queens. She will meet Jamie on Monday at noon.
Monika and Michelle are surprised by the weather in November.
Sonja was ejected from the game.
Bob is looking for a car mechanic. Freddie tells him about Jim's Repairs. He has a phone number but rarely picks up.
Sandra is going to learn horse riding. She booked a slot on Friday afternoon after work. The lesson starts at 6.
Sam baked a cake. He will keep some for Laura.
Rose is going to the airport. Violet will see Rose in a few days.
Rosie forgot her pen at Harrison's place yesterday. Harrison will give her hers tomorrow at college.
Christian is arriving in Madrid at 21:20 at barajas airport. He will text Isabel when they arrive at Anton Martin. Isabel will be waiting for Christian with the keys.
Arthur wants to turn off the gas. Linda will check the confirmation from the bank.
Max and Sylvia are getting a Toyota. They are going to drive.
Sarah Palin is on NBC again. Sarah is watching her. Sarah's family is nice.
Sheri has a new tutorial on how to draw eyebrows. Sheri doesn't share it with her friends at school.
Ben is getting things done in his home and he's leaving. He's waiting outside in a car. He needs to feed his cats.
Ross broke his leg again. Madeleine is in the hospital and needs to wait for some paper work to be finished. Maxwell will pick her up.
Kevin will call kendy.
Galvin is leaving for dinner. Manuel doesn't think sending an email is necessary. Manuel suggests saying bye individually.
Gary is home. Brian will be there soon.
Georgia is doing some things according to her thesis. She's not writing it yet.
Veki and Meki are playing Canasta game. Meki doesn't like playing cards.
Collins played FIFA 19 for the first time today. Ben played it 1 month ago.
Shantelle left coffee cups out in the kitchen. She had to walk social workers downstairs to reception and shoot off. Shantelle will bring in donuts for the office tomorrow.
Jacqueline is celebrating her birthday today. She's organising a small get-together on Saturday.
Jamie has never heard of Danny Glover. Anne recommends him to Jamie.
Tash is walking back from the train station now.
Paul is a smart guy. Erica is having trouble in calculus 101. Rachel will ask him for help. Erica will start a study group.
Lucy organised a party for Marjory last night. She will go to the Rococo Gardens on the 15th. She will see what is around and let Gary know what is going on.
Magda's car is broken, but her dad thinks it's not. Lena will take her car to a service.
Jim is coming to the 23A room where classes are taking place.
Nick broke his leg and is still recovering. He shouldn't have gotten on a motorbike with his friend.
Pete's father washes his car and it starts raining. Harry feels bad hurting one of the birds.
Phillip got a new laptop and is downloading games on Steam. He can play games on his old laptop.
Agnes will prepare a soup for Martha's party.
Linn hasn't thought about going on a cruise with Otto for the summer. Linn will check if she can get the time off work.
Ken failed to learn English. Marge will be back by 7 pm.
Marianne has 3 options for a wedding dress. Cassandre and Eveline think it's ok for the occasion.
Rashid will call the dishwasher repairman who is coming between 2 and 6 pm. Fran will pick up the kids.
Margot doesn't know what is the deal in Paris. Ellen is ignorant.
Tom is planning to throw a surprise birthday party for Kate. Sharan will send him the party details and a e-card.
Marcin Gortat is the future of Suns. He wants to spend some time with family and build his own family.
Josh is back from a concert. He's going to the Devil's Den club on weekends and on weekdays. He's going to prove to Trish that he saved a cat.
Matt has been watching House of Cards, eating pizza, meeting up with Martha and sleeping. He hasn't seen anything interesting lately. Elle has recently been hooked on the show "Designated Survivor" which shows a guy who doesn't attend a congress meeting in case of a terrorist attack.
Swedish police have found stolen crown jewels from 16th or 17th century. Levi and Willow are shocked.
Jacob knew about a girl who went missing from his high school. She was doing history with Jacob last year. She was shy and rarely talked to anyone.
Joy's playlist is outdated. Diclarey will send Joy some of her updated albums. Joy will copy them to her phone.
Ben and Hannah split up. Ben is tired of sleeping alone. Denis is sure someone will appear in his life very soon.
Jen and Rick are on vacation.
Harvey will call Joan for help with the home assignment.
Kate saw Anne today. She didn't notice her dress.
Beth has some supplementary work to do tonight. She doesn't know when she'll get out of the office. Will will let Beth know around 7:00 how it's going and they decide.
David is safe after the tsunami.
Angelica, Helen, Amy and James will join them for drinks at the bar around 9/9:30.
Ismael will give Troy the recipe for pancakes later.
Soph is on a 5-week drive through Yucatan peninsula. He started in Cancun, stayed in town, visited peninsula and Isla Mujeres, and now have come to Merida for 10 days or so. He's rented a car and is travelling with his "travelling companion" Tonny.
Natty doesn't like RPGs.
Meg has half of the translation done already. She will let Jamie know if she is behind next week.
Casimir Funk discovered vitamins.
Grace signed her contact last Monday. She's a secretary. She's in town. She's an architect.
Natasha is not on twitter. Albert created an account and wants to follow him.
Andreas and Abdul are going to the lake house this weekend. They will book a place nearby. Chris's family got a lake house 30 km away.
Heather hasn't finished the buckfast with her new housemate Dominic. Dominic is from The Netherlands.
Mark is coming back this weekend. Jana and Blake will have a party at the club.
Jess broke her left wrist while cleaning the cupboards in the kitchen. She fell off the ladder and was rushed to the hospital. She is supposed to have it in plaster for about six weeks.
Tom is going to Rome by train. It's sunny in Naples and there's first snow. John is busy at the office now. They will make a one day trip to Rome.
Ada and Olivia are going to acro today. Olivia has a meeting at that time. Ada didn't go.
Jude is going to his uncle Ben's funeral. He is in his thoughts and prayers.
Ross will call Mattie when dad is at home.
Oliver and Chris are going to play a game again.
Misha wants to buy a dress from YT.
Amanda's phone charger has stopped charging. She will ask her sister to lend her one. Keith suggests she should get a replacement cable from Apple.
Mateo is at 5am in the morning. He doesn't want to answer the phone.
Martin has to wait for the results of his exam until Monday.
Alex and Liz are going to meet on Friday at their new place.
Ted and Shane are having beer tonight at Janes.
Iza has been waiting for this for so long.
Isabella and Megan like Eva's photo.
Howard wants to take Jane out for a romantic dinner. Jane is transitioning.
Hanna and Mason had to reschedule their Aiesec meeting at 7 pm today. Xavier can't attend at 7 today.
Theresa's on TV. Ellis is curious about how all this ends.
Anet and Tish are going to lunch at 2 pm.
Jimmy and Sandy are going to pick another bar. Trevor is with Amy.
Saanvi and her friend are on the beach.
Andy will be at Mammals at 6.30, but he may be tipsy at 8. Peter, Paul and Simone will start without Barbara.
Allan will get half of the paint this afternoon. Frank will borrow his car to fetch it.
Michelle and Alex are going on a holiday in Croatia from July 8th to 19th. They will take the 14 day option. Michelle will take the direct flight and the layover in Budapest.
Sam is celebrating her birthday in 2 days. Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
Jackie is chilling out with a bit of Apprentice on IPlayer. Serena will look it up. Jackie and Serena are going to the shop on the weekend.
Kylie sent Alex some photos. Alex wants to be there with her.
Odin invited Reyna to Zain's party.
Tyler found the Flash tee sweatshirt he was looking for online.
Lily is sad because she feels low. Sandra will meet her today.
Ethan and Ann will meet next to the bus station. Ethan will be there within 10 minutes. Danny will be at Ethan's house within 20-25 minutes.
Sally is in a new relationship. She doesn't want to be in a relationship with no chemistry. She found someone who is understanding and wants to discuss things.
Lizzy is going out with Marco and his friends to a club. She will wear a black dress with a half cut crease. She will use a spotlight to blend a few shades of brown and put some metallic shadow in the middle.
Betty is still working. Michael is going to install some benches at a school tomorrow. Betty is free on Saturday evening at 19:00.
Karen is on sick leave for the 4th time in 3 months. Ashley is stuck giving the presentation on her own again. Karen will take credit for it when she returns.
Mario and Royce are going to meet.
Kate and Nancy are meeting in Starbucks.
Hanna is contacting Gina about a product from her store. Gina can help Hanna with the size of the frilly white skirt.
Anton and Beryl have lost contact for a few months now. They are still running their airbnb. Beryl is considering going down to Onrus again in January. Anton will keep the vacancy booked for her. Beryl will be staying in Cape Town for a longer time.
Kate went to see a fortune-teller. She paid 60 quid to see shoes, a door, a pair of big men's shoes and one pair of one shoes.
Max has a lecture from the last lecture. Hugo sends him pictures. Max's mum is at hospital.
Mark went to a 7-star Hotel restaurant yesterday. He missed it because the music was loud.
Gina is hungover and she's going for pizza. Emily ordered from McDelivery.
Iris is in town for 2 days. Diana will buy Nina Ricci pink apple for Iris and Iris's friends. Iris will go shopping tomorrow.
Sally, Ella and Sam are going to the celebration. They will rent an apartment for 1500zl.
Eve is angry at her boss for not coming back to the office on her day off.
Zhe will confirm the meeting with the meeting organizers at 2 pm. They will book a taxi as it is impossible to park near them.
Bella went to London for a conference. She presented a paper. She got good feedback.
Jace sent Mya the link to the video.
Jojo has just come from the interview and they want her. Jojo wants to talk to Matt first.
Butch is going to be Carol's girlfriend.
Katie and Juliette are going to the party at 7 am.
Daniel and Sara are going for a jog tonight at 6 or 7. They will meet at Regent's Park at 7.
Henning and Linda watched Suspiria half an hour ago.
Lily has her wallet with her.
Don and Jules are having supper at 7 at Marquis. They will have one meal each until the end of the term.
Janin will come to Andrew's tomorrow. She will prepare food and drink.
Tania and Sacha are going to a brunch at Halla Gwardi at 1 pm on Friday. They will have a drink for Igor's birthday. Sacha will join them later.
Jenny is cold and hot. She needs milk bread and eggs. Sue will pick her up from the shops in the next hour.
Lucy bets Eli is going to lose to Steve.
Lily is stuck in a traffic jam. She'll be late. Diana will get there in 5 minutes.
Tomorrow night they expect over 2 inches of rain an hour. Beth has to run to the store to get supplies. Josh and Jim forgot to get flashlights, batteries and candles.
Sarah and Finlay are meeting today.
Marcin and Isabel are going to the cementary on November 1st. They are going to spend time together.
Mark and Angie welcomed their baby Maya. She was born at 5:20am. She is sleeping now. She will be home in 2-3 days.
Ben and Evie will meet to check Oscar's puppy and get him a microchip.
Isiah is not going to the games tomorrow. Melanie is sick. Isiah will go alone.
Eve is going to a party with her work girls.
Billy needs 20 minutes to get to Lily and Harry. Harry will buy them a beer for running late.
Pauline got wine in the evening after a hard day at work.
Ben is home about 7 or 8 and wants to go to the gym after work. He will buy cereals, wheat flour, butter, cheese spread, broccoli, carrot and washing-up liquid on his way back.
Ricky is going for surgery tomorrow in Burlington. The doctor called him last night from his private phone. He will write Ricky in. Lucy will meet Ricky for lunch.
Ben broke his mother's leg and had to take her to hospital. He has to get her to retirement home.
Nia, Sadie, Elsa and Lindsay are in group 3 and 4.
Julian bought chocolates for Linda. He will buy them more often.
Lana and Mark will go bowling tomorrow at 8 PM at Mark's place.
Professor Xavier's office is on the 3rd floor.
Adam, Jasmine and Aaron are going to climb the mountain tomorrow. They will leave the city at 7 AM and start walking at 7 AM.
Andy and Kate had fun yesterday. They will meet at Cleo's tomorrow.
Andy and Julia are going to watch Frozen, Mulan and Hercules today.
Clara doesn't have spare blankets, pillows or anything to donate to the shelter.
Ali is running the Bristol Half Marathon on Sunday.
Brian will approve the pending post.
Olivia is craving for orange juice. Erik and Jack will go to Original Joe's tonight.
Yanny and Francesco are worried about the government's decision to give fields to people with 3 kids and more.
Rayan bought a new bike. He will sell the old one to Greg. They will meet tomorrow at his house.
Liz is having guests this weekend. The living room drapes will be finished today, but the pillows won't be finished until next week.
Jim is filling out a job application. He has one more semester left. He will visit his parents next week.
Jennifer's doctor appointment is at 7.
Ion would apply for a job in 6 months on a remote island with piles of canned food.
Kate and Bob are going skiing next week.
Ostoja and Jaca are in the Hospital. Daa has a first simple overview. He is playing a jigsaw puzzle. He is going to the Institut for Mother and Children. Ostoja is waiting for the hospital leave list.
Alice apologizes for writing to Professor on Facebook. Margaret will send her more feedback over the weekend.
Heidi forgot about the things on the balcony and it's going to rain today. Noah will take them away and close all the windows in case of a storm.
Karen is taking the bus to Boston at 12.40. Matthew will be there at 12. Karen and Daniel will have a fast lunch together.
Sofia's car has 45k miles on it. She needs an oil change at the dealer. She has a 50% coupon sent in the mail. She will call the dealer and schedule an appointment for Saturday.
Yannick and Ellen broke up because they got into a fight. Ellen will see Yannick in class.
Neeley will take the iron from Blake's room.
Elisabeth and Charles will go for a supper tonight.
Charlie will meet Ella at 7 pm to help her with the assignment.
Cooper is drafting a proposal. Jimmy will come over to Cooper's house around 5 pm to see how he is handling it.
Lisa recommends Maria's Nike running shoes. Marissa's nikes were the best purchase she made last year.
Sean got caught up yesterday. Nadya's neighbours are loud and she's angry. Sean is going to do some yoga first.
Tamara will take out the trash. Felice will take out the keys.
Tommy is moving to the suburbs next weekend. Ken will help him move the furniture and stuff. Tommy and Ken will start early at 8 am.
Fiona and Sean are going to a translator event at buch bund tonight. They will talk about andrei platonov. They will need headphones for the sim. interpretation.
Jude will be in Warsaw at the beginning of December. Leon won't be here during the first weekend.
Phil is going to be at Linda's party tomorrow. Ann will come after 9 pm.
Esther is at the concert with her flatmate. Bennett will drive to the concert tomorrow.
Austin is a math tutor. Cheryl needs some math tutoring.
Heather is going to buy tennis shoes for her mother's day next week.
Mark is planning his holidays in Europe. He will visit Italy, Spain, Barcelona, Madrid, San Sebastian, Norway and the Lofoten Islands. He will also visit Avignon in France.
Franklin is celebrating his 40th birthday. Vic is going out with Manda and a few friends to Chicago. She got an Experience Day voucher and she will do a Brands Hatch test drive in the spring. Franklin can't come home at Christmas because of US office hours. Ellie works in the same section as Vic.
Tram and Brody are taking the bus.
Una needs a lift after practice. Jean can't come to pick her up.
Lavender went to the wedding with Oliver. Oliver was happy to meet his friends.
It's raining. Chris and Denis will wait for it to stop before 11.
Louisa will bring Thelma a red velvet dress.
Mona found her keys on the kitchen table.
Peggy's mom said she needs to lose weight. She's 137 pounds. She's thinking about it. She'll go for a walk every Saturday to move a bit.
Catherine, Phoebe and Stacy are going for jogging at 7 pm at the park. Catherine will come by at 6:50.
Shanon heard something fun happened in mats 2day. He's in the mountains with the old folks. He missed a lot.
Rebeca recommends Harvard and Museum of Fine Arts to Carol.
Luis is turning 18 next month. He is worried about the elections next year.
Mona left her gloves somewhere. Lizzy will check them.
Ann Winslet has promised to update her course folder with new translation content and extra reading. She has also provided the trailer for "Buck", the dialogue list and the VLC installer.
Raymond is looking for a notebook under 500 dollars. He wants to buy one for his parents. He will ask Kane for help on Black Friday.
Sally's brother's card turned up this morning. She will ask Simon to fill it in tonight when he gets home.
Victoria is broke. Magda just paid her car insurance.
The game Cyberpunk 777 has been released. Barry is excited about it. Patricia likes the gameplay. Barry is not sure about the release date.
Anthony wishes Mia all the happiness in the world.
Colin, Sean and Josh haven't talked to the landlord. He asked them to call him multiple times. It's 10.30. Sean will call him tomorrow morning.
Hudson will bring chicken and boiled rice to Mary's mother's.
Mila is studying food and nutrition at UBC. She is underage and she is not living in residence. She is not in business. Jason will be in Vancouver in February.
Ciaran has 30 minutes to meet with Paul Sheehan before heading back. He's stuck in Turners Cross until about 1 and Mike has to be back at work at 1:15. Ciaran has an appointment in Clonakilty.
Joona and Laura haven't arrived. The train is late.
Jess will be there in 5 minutes.
Penelope created a new group because the old one disappeared.
Grayson will be in the airport around 4 pm tomorrow. He's flying to Spain for 2 weeks.
Paul had his doctor's appointment at 9 am. He had indigestion and he gave him herbs mix. He will come back and they will do an ultrasound. He hasn't bought the medicine yet.
Mary is at Jedida's place. She's coming.
Mary can't talk to her husband anymore. She will need a glass of wine before she will sit down with him.
Clément will watch Bojack Horseman on Netflix.
Barney forgot to order the bark that orchids grow in. Judith is back. Barney will go to The Home Depot to buy it.
Joe is in Half Moon. He's waiting for him. He's told Masher to pick him up at 7:30. He's ordering a drink at the bar.
Kenny is studying for the geography exam. Milena is studying Pacific stuff. Lena is looking for the capital of the Marshall Islands.
Mark's attitude is horrible.
Ilo and Adele are meeting at Europskii at 4 pm. Adele's mother is not coming. She gave her money.
Ronda and Gil will meet at the main entrance at 4:15.
Mel is tired of the primary season. Angelica is tired too.
Harry is at the store. Bridget will ask her mom for a list of things she needs. She will buy some tomatoes soup and some milk. Harry will take one of the apples to work.
Zoey can't find her shoes. Lucas put them behind the cardboard.
Dakkota and Haleema are going to a yoga session in the park on Saturday. They will grab a tea and a snack afterwards.
Rose and Zara are going to see Jack at 6:30 pm tomorrow.
Kierian and Jana are going to play basketball.
Don Fefe is a pizza place in Campo di Marte. Theresa discovered it last night. Tracy didn't know it.
Adrien is at the office and waiting for Kamil, who is working on Sunday. He has a lot to do. He will go to the gym with Teddy.
Oscar and Sarah will call this afternoon. Sarah will be in and out of the office all day.
Jaime, Julia and Patrick are going to buy Rebecca a book for her birthday next month. They will make a box with presents. They will call Angelo's and offer a ski-jumping voucher.
Ronan is looking for a German girl. He is not into it.
Eddy and Marion are meeting on Tuesday. They are going to see the Baltus exhibition in Riehen on Wednesday. They will meet on Friday at 4 pm in Terra del Fuego.
Caroline needs to stay longer at work. Tom will pick up Laura at 3.30.
Brian is busy at work and working out. Brian will call Dave in 5 minutes.
Megan will meet Terry at 10.30 tomorrow to visit Jacob in hospital. She will buy some apples for Jacob.
Ben and Stanley are in tram number 15. They will jump in on Railway Station stop.
Ella will buy the dress from Nina and Lila.
Emilia can't find her keys. Catherine and Meggy will wait.
Filip is busy with work. He will find some time for the Vikings.
Suzie and Cassie are interested in the research project. Mike has heard they need free workforce.
Nathan will borrow a plaid flannel shirt from Lucas. Nathan is meeting Kaylee in half an hour.
Agnes bought a Huawei Y9 2019 phone.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies and onion crisps.
Monica is going to have a gift for her bestie before Christmas.
Bill will bring his own games to the cafe tonight.
Martha owes Grace 100 quid. Next week she will give it back to her.
Dora didn't get much sleep. Ben's hotel is good and close to the city centre. Dora was working late. The bank is almost done.
Brian sends Michelle the voting link for sam.
Mike missed his bus and has to wait for another one. John will start the meeting without him. John found some interesting applications and sent them to HR.
Matty is studying at Uni. He's busy with his dissertation and his exams. Ella is doing Embriology and she's doing Genetics.
Matt wants to sell his moto. Scott wants to buy it.
Alex, Mindy and Greg are going to commit to a subject for their referrals next week. Mindy is opting for inequalities. Greg and Mindy are going to choose articles from last 3 months.
John is home alone and he's not feeling well. He's sweating a lot. Carol suggests drinking a tall glass or ice water.
Katy is tired and will go home soon. Mila will join her.
Alaine and Alex are going on a date tomorrow at 8. Alex will pick Alaine up at 8.
Khloe is looking for a long term work. Julian will ask his manager to contact her.
Will and Joanna are looking for free masters courses for foreigners in Poland.
Tim and Tom are having a hangover.
Kimberly and John won't meet with John and Jane next weekend because their Grandfather passed away. They're going to Oshawa on Friday.
Ben needs Jake's laptop for work. It's having an adapter issue. Ben will not get it until tomorrow.
Ahmed will take the car of his parents to the mosque. He will write to Camille when he has the car.
Dorothy and Sarah have an anniversary. Damian is in Zakopane. He has a big camp at church this week. He has been working late this past week.
Gabriel wishes Zuza happy birthday.
Nicole hasn't applied yet. She is still getting her papers ready. One of her teachers hasn't sent her an evaluation yet. She hasn't called him or emailed him. Kate will call him to check her personal statement.
Patrick will be late. Debra will not be late again.
Charlie passed the CLO exam. He had internet access. He was the only one in the office. He was helped by henrique.
Bill's flight is at 8 PM today. Annette and Bill are already on their way to the airport.
Steve didn't get any calls from Jim.
Esme and Rose will have a skype call tonight at 8 pm.
Dusan will come in for 1 lesson tomorrow at 4-5:30. The class is 4 students, upper intermediate. The course book will be at the reception.
Yesterday's earthquake in China was horrible. They lost everything.
Natalie's car is in the shop. It will take them almost a month to fix it. They are probably getting the original parts from Japan to rip Natalie off.
Kate and Monica are going to the Dead Sea in few days.
Jake hit the net.
Matthew and Anthony are going to Greece this summer. They're going to spend 5 days on Rhodes, 5 in Crete, 4 in Athens and rent a car and go north to Thessaloniki. They're going for 3 days to Athos. Lisa will stay in Thessaloniki when Matthew is there.
Jeffrey will be late for a meeting with Collins.
Owen is working on a project in Toronto. He will send him a booklet.
Mari's sister has been here with the twins. David is driving to Kidderminster with Sharon tomorrow. He can't sort out Ethan. Sharon ordered him to do the regional marketing for the new campaign. Sharon is in charge tomorrow and then goes to Ian's office on Friday.
Anita and Tom went a bit too far last night. Anita will write Tom as soon as she's done at the office.
Kate is at the camp. Nia will come over to say hi.
Anna posted a picture with Harry with the caption 'new love' on Instagram. They just spoke yesterday. Ron needs to talk to Anna.
Linda is waiting for NBN to be rolled out in Georgia. She sees three people working on it up the road when she goes to Ocean Shores for groceries.
Judy and Andy are dating. Jane discovered it yesterday.
Mike, Jay, Mark and Hayes are not at school today. Smith called in sick.
Tim will pick up Chris at 3.30 at his place. He will take a cab to the new pub near the university.
Philip and Jean will go out for a beer.
Samantha sent Samantha the link yesterday. Lilly has been ghosting Sam recently.
Hannah is selling rollerblades because she got an injury. She will re-think the price if she decides to buy them today.
Robin is going to the mall tonight. He will buy new jeans. Mr. Cheng will come with Robin.
Kevin will change his t-shirt to a clean one.
Zendaya will be home at 8. Phil will wait for the dinner.
Gina and Drake went to a concert yesterday. Basia liked the music. Gina hasn't been to any concert for a few years.
Beth needs a coffee in 15 minutes. Sandra will call her when she's ready.
Chris bought a brand new Galaxy S9 for himself. Josh will see it tomorrow at work. Chris took a day off.
Trevor will come over to Amanda.
Ivor and Warner are going to a club near the central bus station tonight. They will post on their group with the plan that is ready.
Ramsay recommends Home Alone, Christmas Vacation and Halloween movies.
Mellery has to order flowers for the funeral of Johnson. Mellery's budget is about 100. The visitation is Wednesday before the service. Mellery will see if anyone wants to come along.
Aric didn't pick up the parcel from the post office yesterday. It was already closed when he arrived. He will pick it up today.
Joanne is taking a few days off next week. She is going to spain with her fiancee. She has two presentations with clients next week.
Maggie got a text from Nick asking if she wanted to go to comic con with him. David would never go. Maggie is thinking of going. She'll dress up as Wonder Woman.
Anne has an account with Barclays. She wants to change her bank. She wants to open an account with HSBC. She wants to change her bank. She wants to open an account with Barclays. She wants to go to Nest or Barclays.
Grace is in the ballroom. Julia and Marie are at the table.
Susie thinks Henry or Harry is prettier for her baby.
Anna hasn't contacted anyone since 12th October. Mila talked to her father and he told him that Anna had warned him that she would disappear for a few weeks. Mila is afraid she's going to hurt herself.
Donna's invitation to a wedding was delivered yesterday.
Jane sent Louis a letter from the post office. Louis translated some stuff from Polish for a web site that they're going to publish in book form now. Louis made the translation in 2012 and had to make a lot of corrections.
Emma moved to London a month ago. Emma is the boss. Jacob is traveling a little bit and writing a traveling blog.
Bart is confused about his first day in a new job. He will have lunch at 10:30. Mike works in the same department.
Philip's article was published in the New Scientist.
Bryson is going to a Rammstein concert next July. The tickets are probably sold out.
Amanda forgot about the meeting.
Richard is feeling bad today. He doesn't want to go to the party. Susan recommends an internist. Susan recommends a nice woman in the city.
Andrea will bring a tent for 2 people. It's for 3 people. She will bring sleeping bag, pad, food, water and warm clothes.
Martin and Gonzo are going to the demo. They will meet at the police line.
Mary is sad because she can't trust anyone. Erick told her about it.
Phillip was at fault for the accident.
Edward is looking for a good present for Angie for her birthday. Geraldine got her a basket of lotions, perfumes, soaps and all that. Angie likes Japanese comic books.
Carter slipped on the floor today. Grace will mop it if she drops something.
Louis is in Moscow. Yesterday a guy masturbated in an Internet café. They are awkward and rarely smile. Sean will listen to Louis' stories of Russia when he's back.
Mia, Katy and Jeff will leave before 3 and wait till 4.
Richard Guto is not with Peter anymore. He broke up with Peter 3 years ago.
Tarja and Tom are meeting on Saturday. Tom is working on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Chelsea is in.
Tom asks Kevin and Martin where is the "Sala del Capitolo" in the main building.
Chris is going to the cementary on November 1st with his family and spend time together. Chris went to the club yesterday as Arthur.
Gina is in a winter depression. She can't get motivated for anything.
Paul is dying here. He will take Julia home.
Marty invites Becky to his birthday party tomorrow. It will take place at Jameson Bilard Club from 7 pm till the morning.
Brad's engine slows down in random moments. Dom will check it in the evening.
Grace will come with the curly style tomorrow.
John will download the crack for FIFA19 PC.
JUAN is going to Brazil. He worked in a car factory as a mechanic. He is the PINK OF his family. JUAN has a flight to AIRport at 3:00 PM today.
Alex will come back earlier and cook for Joan.
Jeremy and Judith will meet next week to watch the game. Russel and Clint will come in the evening.
Jack's head is killing him. Sarah advises him to take an aspirin.
Fala's father needs braces to straighten out his teeth. He has a sharp pangs. He has to have braces for 2 and half years.
Alice works for tmf now. Joanna has another student for Alice. Joanna would like to come back to her standard lessons on Tue mornings.
Matthew, Mike and Bart are not spoiling the new game of thrones episode.
Judy and Ken have been to the Polonia Club.
Jughead will let Mercy know when he launches Griffins and Golgoy.
June is not coming home for Christmas. She will stay only 2 days. She is vegan and doesn't eat any meat or animal origin. She hasn't been eating sweets for a month.
Marion came back from Greece. She went to Athens for a week to do some sightseeing and then for another week to Crete. She liked Athens, the Acropolis and Crete. She met her on a party and became friends.
Kate is home in 25 minutes. Jim will prepare sandwiches and tea for her.
Sharon and Karl are going to Dubai this weekend.
Abraham is home. He found one huge bug. He vacuumed the whole place.
Anna is fed up with the carpet. She will move out and replace it. She will drink a lot of wine.
Michaela, Ron and Jessie are considering an association idea. They aren't sure if they have enough people to take care of the paperwork. They are worried about the cost of the association.
Laura wants to be a rich bitch who gets amazing orgasms for breakfast.
John and Ian are in Catania. They are in the same house they were last year.
Oleg is doing a presentation. He has an environmental case with Ellen Brockovich. Annie and Paul don't have a pair yet.
Angela is pregnant. She has a good relationship with her father. She never complained. Helen has plans for New Year's Eve.
Oliver will be in the lobby in 10 minutes.
Debra is worried about her mother, who is still unemployed. She has no job experience and she's trying to find something. Bruce wrote to her to ask her how she's been.
Claudette is a bitch. She sex with Thomas.
Mia is blind. Diane and Shirley like Josh. Josh is cute.
Paul will contact the organisers to find someone who could help him.
Ryan needs a programming project asap. He forgot to submit it before the due date. Isaac has a game developed from the last year.
Peter, Chris and Mary are not going to be at the party tonight.
Ed is going to check on Liam. Jill will be home by 7. Ed will go to Bistro du Coin.
Tonight at 21:45 a new series of "Grey Zone" comes on BBC4.
Brandon will prepare Nicole's favourite salad tonight. Nicole slipped while walking up to the car. She's waiting to see the doctor.
Ida is going to pick up some things at the store. Andrzej's brother and his family are coming to dinner tonight. Karol is organizing a party at work for a colleague who is leaving the company.
Peter and Jen are coming to Warsaw this weekend. They will stay on Jen's couch for 2 nights. They will go to Ikea on Saturday to buy some stuff for the apartment.
Theo met Brian Richardson on the street. He's handsome and a nice guy.
Jack, Olivia and Thomas are disappointed with the weather.
Lily borrowed the book she talked about on her last lecture from professor Roberts. She has already submitted her paper. She will remind her classmates to do the same.
Fran loves Les.
Eva is allergic to her roommate's cat. Maria suggests Eva to take an antihistamine.
Joshua has just seen the heritage. He's disappointed.
Mike saw tracey at the weekend. She was upset about it. Mike told her to stay away from her.
Kelly got a toy kitchen that broke the next day. Bill got a robot that broke a week later. Freddie got a teddy bear from a TV advert. Sarah got a guitar but it was a toy guitar.
Tim won't come with Chris to the concert tonight. Ben and Simon are coming.
Angelo has astigmatism in one eye and needs a special lens in the other. Catherine doesn't know what it is. Angelo has a problem with the shape of her eye.
Silvia will meet Aiden in 5 minutes.
Bruno will send Winston the details of the KPR project via e-mail ASAP.
Brie will pick up the keys of Katie's flat today.
Davey can't find the basement key. Deborah has no pockets.
Josef will be selling his products in the old town. Bryan will help him.
Turkay is in Baku. He's staying in Azerbaijan until September. There are more than 2 million people living there. Amanda will check the flights today and let Turkay know.
Jake has to work late and he got an email from his supervisor that he should change his name in a chapter. Max will go out next week.
Sylvia has just returned from the gym. She's grabbing her suitcase and she's coming.
Gwendoline got Slytherin. She marked some answers about persuasion and being smart and sneaky.
William's parents will be staying at his place this Sunday. The common area must be crystal clear or his mom will go batshit insane.
Mark will change the tyres on Thursday at 4.30 pm. Amy will sign in. Jim will take care of his car.
Adam is bored at class.
Nelly woke up at 6 and is still tired after the tracking. Graham is still in bad health. Chuck didn't drink last night.
Betty is busy and she's not going to meet Michael on Friday or Saturday. They'll meet on Monday after work. Betty has another meeting at 8 pm. Michael will call Betty on Sunday to discuss the details.
Ahmed reminds Bianca to switch off the laptop after she finishes up with it. Bianca will book a space for Ahmed at the statistics class.
Julie deleted Sarah's text. It was booked for 3.30 this afternoon. Julie will see Sarah later.
Tom had a hangover. He called Erica a fat ass.
Hannah and Emma are going to a party.
Royce got back home by taxi. Bert should have called him.
Dave didn't show up yesterday because he had to stay longer at work. Johnny played some games, drank some beer and will be there next weekend.
Carol and Charles are going to the opera next month. They will pay a bit more for better seats.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom got engaged on Valentine's Day. It's the second marriage for them.
Alexia will listen to a podcast this weekend. The guy talks about his life growing up.
Will will pick George up from home. He will be there in 10 minutes.
Ella is going to visit her parents but Vicky is staying home. She will go for a movie.
Joseph thinks he might be Leo's brother.
Erica wants to sell her Renault Laguna. It's 1999. It's safe and reliable. It burns a lot of gas.
Zoe and Gracie are going to the Design STH event together.
Noah is worried about the water cut off downstairs. Coco didn't shower in the morning.
Luke is running 15 minutes late. Jane will come to reception to meet him.
John has lost himself in side quests. He's playing the witcher at 15 and is going crazy from the music. He's seen Henry Cavill as Geralt and he looks like Legolas.
Orion misses his rat.
Frank made tuna salad for lunch. He eats it on bread, crackers or on lettuce.
Saqib and Haris went on a date. Saqib kissed him. Haris is coming to Saqib's home now.
Hope didn't get the job she wanted.
Victor and Aaron are going to a small concert this Thursday. Roman is coming and Mark has already confirmed. They will meet outside at 7.
Carl invites Evelyn to dinner on Thursday at Marek's place. Evelyn will call Barbara and bring some wine.
Betty missed her bus. Harriet will leave her ticket with the attendant.
Jim is coming to Eva's office in 10 minutes. He will bring Michael and Alan.
Mack has a lot of washing to do. He has more time next week. Mack and Hakim will go to an Italian restaurant.
Dave sent Linda a vinyl copy of Random Accessions. It arrived today and has Dave's name on it. Dave and the mailman have had some disagreements lately.
Jake had an accident. He injured his knee.
Nat has seen Kate's jewelery. Kate will make something for Nat.
Doug posted a selfie in a cafe. Jessica took it down.
Gavyn can't pick up kids from school today because the Japanese came earlier. Shyla will call her mum.
Frank owes Judy two dates.
Lene is going for a pizza tonight. She likes the Italian place at the corner.
Linda wishes Patricia happy birthday.
Hannah missed the party because she had to help her parents. John and Gerard are looking forward to it.
Veronica sent Erica the files by wetransfer. The video file has some artifacts at the beginning. Erica will reexport it in 30 minutes.
Susanne will go to the breakfast at 8-11 a.m.
James wants to get Mary's birthday present. Tim is not the right person to ask this.
Carter ran a couple of miles today. He ran almost 4K.
Julia is sick again this month. She is taking antibiotics.
Trisha threw her Farsi notes away by accident. Rob sent her his notes. Zach has a photo of the notes.
Amy had an abortion.
Noemi liked Alicia's perfume.
Alexandra has a deadline and has very little time to do everything. Alexandra will visit Joanna in the summer.
Sammy and Amelia are going to meet up tomorrow at 11.30 in a park. They will join Cassandra after lunch and they will go swimming in the morning.
David got the money for December.
Albert and Jeffrey are waiting for the new season of American Gods to come out.
Kate is going to drop out of the design school.
Reggie needs to redecorate her room. Kris will order the last one online.
Jake will be there tomorrow to buy a new car for less than 10k.
Tony will let Claire know when the boss comes.
Ron is going to Hashaba for New Year's Eve. Paula's sis is coming to visit her. Ron will put her on the list.
Ralph will pick Chris up in half an hour.
Lina will give Rita a sandwich. Rita didn't take breakfast with her.
Bob is going to give a panel tomorrow. Alice will read Bob's outline.
Bunny will come to Albert at 8 to see him.
Bob is applying for the position of Social Media Manager at Lucy's company. He has 4 years experience in social media management for several small companies in the area. Lucy will send him a CV and an online portfolio.
Karson is making spaghetti for dinner. Finley will cook it for Karson when he comes to visit him.
Rafal wishes Beata happy birth day.
Monica will drop Carl in after work at 5.30. Carl lends her a summer holiday brochure on Monday.
Miriam is worried about her mother, Carol, who is always following her when she cleans her house. She will contact Carol and sort it out.
Josh and Mark are on their way to the resort. They stopped at McDonald's twice. They will be there in an hour.
April is going for a bike ride around noon. Archibald will join her. He has a funeral to attend.
Jody's husband uses 5 shirts a week and he doesn't iron them. He burnt his favourite shirt and two of his own. Jody has an iron at home. She's doing the laundry tonight. Lynn has a similar ironing machine.
Anna will be out of the office this Thursday and Friday.
Nina and Mary are going to be at home at 8.15. Nancy wants to visit them.
Paul and Gregory are going to the movies.
Stacy will forget George's ice cream.
Harvey and Carol are going to the skiing resort on Saturday. Harvey will pay for the gas and snacks. Harvey will invite jon and amanda to tag Alon.
Jan's landlord has just published a negative review of Janek's apartment. Ricardo and Emma are disappointed. Jan will write to her and apologise.
Jill is going out with her parents tonight. Ashley did her homework for tomorrow.
Sebastian found a gold on youtube.
Aisha woke up at 6 to discuss the benefits of having a baby.
Terry will borrow Gina's kayak this weekend. Gina will pick it up on Thursday at 6 o'clock.
Claire is stressed and worried about the language test. Nate and Claire will meet tomorrow at the entrance.
Jane has a gym membership and a swimming pool. Charles is paying 80 for it.
Wendy broke her mum's vase. Brenda advises Wendy to put it back and turn it so that they can't see it.
Donald and Corbin will bring IDs.
Matt left yesterday because he felt bad. He can't talk right now.
Olivia is going to meet with a guy who texted her and wants to meet again. She doesn't like him. She's going to go to the cinema again.
Erica is not going to dinner tonight.
Madeline wants to go to the Opera. Robert recommends Shostakovich and Szymanowski.
Joe slept in and will be at work in 20 minutes. Rob will cover for him.
Sally is arriving in Ironwood at 3:40 pm. She will meet Sundy at the airport. Sally will spend time with her family.
Alfie and Riley are enjoying the weather.
Kim will call Ben tonight to check if he's online.
Lisa will come by Green Square 12 at 8 pm. She will wait outside.
Riley hasn't eaten rice yet. Giny will buy rice.
Steve and Anton will meet in a quarter of an hour.
Caroline and Hannah are meeting at 10.30 in front of the mall.
Mark and Monica got engaged.
Mark and Abigail are in the Alps. Mark arrived yesterday but was too exhausted to ski.
Alina and Peter are on holiday on the island. They have to come back earlier because their grandmother died last night. Paul will pick them up from the airport tomorrow at 11.30 PM.
Simon will buy 10 yogurts and buy some ham.
Keira made American hash. She fried sweet potatoes, onions, kale, garlic and added some parmesan and eggs. Lucinda will try it once.
Lilly, Oliver, Lynn, Riley and Riley want pizza.
Dorothy has to get rid of the spare knick knacks in the garage. Peter will fit the car anyway. They will leave at 7 pm.
Gina and Kate are going to have spaghetti for dinner.
Una will come over to help Sandra with something.
Maria and Leo are meeting at the restaurant at 8 pm. Nora wants them to meet at the library and then go to eat together.
Andrew's boss is angry about a friend of his son's coming to his birthday party. She said it's a good and democratic thing to invite a boy from a "poor" family to the party. She doesn't want the other boy's mother to prepare a cake or any other food because "she will use low quality products from the supermarket."
Stella has stopped paying for CC Adobe credentials.
Ben is going to his choir rehearsal tomorrow. He has a runny nose and his voice isn't well. He will be at home until Saturady.
Kerry and Guy are going to meet tonight.
Elena's children died of malnutrition when she escaped to Syria in 2015. There was a similar case in Austria at the beginning of the war.
Meg has a new job. She's not sure if she'll take it.
Neal had his tooth removed. Neal's brother never keeps his mouth shut.
Alex and Mom are going to church on Sunday.
Mindy didn't drive today. Pater forgot to take the car keys out. Carol will order dinner tonight.
Leo will be late because he got in a fight with michel. Nathan will order a beer for him.
Jack and John are meeting in the evening at 20.
Will has had his garden done up. He got a good deal from Jack. His parents want to have their garden done.
Over 20 people have died in the cold.
Pete has just watched a youtube video showing amazing stunts ppl do. Pete envys them with talent and talent.
Francis is renovating Clarissa's house. Reynold will help him with heating installations. He will come on Friday evening and see what he has there.
Nick is at the mall. He wants to buy bread and avocados.
Jared forgot the flat number.
Nick didn't pass the exam again. He got a B+.
Isaac and Ivy are going to the motor show.
Todd sent a photo of Tiffany cleaning Tiffany's apartment door. Julia has a camera outside hers that catches her door. Todd is about to drop a couple of hammers on the BoD and mgmt ahead of the meeting.
Jada is in Islington. She has two private sessions in a private clinic. She is tired and doesn't like the work at the clinics. Jada took on the extra sessions for the extra money.
Milo is going to the dentists tonight. Dan will tell Matt.
Abigail received a letter from the education centre today. Ava will send her a photo of the letter. They need volunteers. They will go together tomorrow.
Peter will try to get one second hand ticket to the Harry Potter formal hall.
James is applying for a sales position. He is thinking about his motivation.
Wanda is working hard at Uni. She has two days off lectures at the end of next week and she can swap shifts around if she does it tomorrow. She will visit Helena next Thursday. She wants to stay on here and do a PGCE.
Kate broke the tap. John recommends calling Mr. Johnston.
Paulina and Amy are approaching the town. Jesus is waiting at the platform.
Ingmar will be visiting London this week. Kevin's favorite place is Dino's pizza place at Bottom Alley 50. Miranda's favorite place is Soho. Xiao recommends Mimi Creperie.
Mary went to the library with Carl.
Hayley won't forget the present 4 Crystal tomo.
Pam wants to go to Belarus for business or touristically. Her grandmother was born not far from Minsk. Milton was there for 4 days 10 years ago.
Brad is working on Sundays. He is a researcher. Miriam will try to feed on the positive memories from yesterday.
Adrian got his costume a few weeks ago. Ciara will pick up her costume at Mardi Gras Spot on 2812 Toulouse St.
Ursula will come over to Craig's for a drink and take away pizzas.
Lizzy is looking for a Christmas present for Toby. Mark suggests something inexpensive.
Sam will call Lucy if she doesn't know where her phone is.
Mia will bring her umbrella to the meeting tomorrow.
Emma missed andy's song.
Arthur wants to change his birth date because he feels younger than 69. Jake and Arthur are worried about the crisis of civilization.
Danicka and Jensen don't have candles for Patrick's birthday party. Danicka will bring 25 candles.
Vanessa and Jordan segregate waste at their home.
Anne has used the curry wurst she brought from Berlin as a pot for hyacinth.
Marlene, Jennifer and Maria are going to the June Ball.
The meeting is at 8.
Edward and Simons had English class last Friday. They were in room 208 next to 209, where they will have biology.
Patricia is going to check the electric heater at her desk. Niall will load the dishwasher and check it.
Jason and Madeline broke up. Kendall and Veronica are happy for them.
Tim came back from trekking. He is in Krakow. He is in Canada tomorrow.
Lisha's computer is dead. Rasha will call her to ask if she can borrow her computer.
Toby's mother died this morning. She was diagnosed with breast cancer a few weeks ago. It was a mistake of doctors.
Karen, Jim and Vanessa are going to eat out today.
Hannah is going to visit a bookstore named after a Reventlow book. She will meet Tristan for brunch tomorrow.
Sandy is ordering cosmetics. Esther wants to buy an aloe vera cream.
Cheryl and Logan are staying in Reunion for 2 weeks. Logan and Ariana are going to discuss the car at Cheryl's place tonight over a beer.
Nathan is taking Gregory's backpack.
Nelson has never seen a possum before. He is scared of them. Joshua took a photo at his backyard.
Tom is working in Ireland for last 2 days. He will send more materials from Ireland in a week. He wants to sell a product in Poland and Europe. His website will be rebuilt by end of September.
George is out of wifi service. Ana thinks someone robbed him.
George's IQ decreases by 20% after a 2-week holiday.
Henry has just seen the prettiest girl. She's tall, skinny, about 23 and looks sad.
Sally and Aj are meeting on Saturday. They will meet to catch up.
Chris is at work and his phone is not updating properly. The Cowboys are beating the Saints. Mark fumbled in the red zone.
Beatrix is worried about someone who got a flu. Carol advises her to take paracetamol and ibuprofen every 4 hours.
Mary and Tom are in Finland.
Luca is almost there. Stanley, Jenson and Luca are going to buy bottled water and some beers.
Sienna's grandma is a little better but the doctors say she can't live alone. Her mum is probably gonna move in with her. Sienna will help her but she needs to work to get back to work. Jean will let Sienna know when he hears of her recommendation.
Pump Truck got her nickname from her huge boobs. She was among the first to develop huge boobs. Some guys crawled into the girls' locker room and took a photo of her naked.
Agnieszka and Edyta are annoyed by Kinga at work. Agnieszka thinks it's time to look for a new job. Archie and Edyta are annoyed by Kinga.
Tyler is stuck at the aiport because of the fog. He will accompany Will.
Amy and Jessica are planning to throw Julie a surprise birthday party on Wednesday. They will meet at her favourite Maxican restaurant on Saturday before her birthday. Amy will ask John for help.
Isabella talked to the guys yesterday about buying soap for dishes and sponge. Michael doesn't give a shit about anything and leaves dirty dishes. Isabella will talk to him about it.
Jay and Paul are going on a trip. They don't have an extra sleeping bag. Sandra will bring a spare one.
Jane forgot Katie's book. Harry and Katie will take the W7 to Muswell Hill.
Elon Musk is creating the first passenger shuttle to the moon. Blair and Dale are going to buy a VR headset.
Stanley needs a driver at 7 pm. Alexander will give him a lift at 5 pm. Stanley will find a place to stay for a couple of hours until his friend arrives.
Josh is leaving the office at the end of the month. Mike and Paul are not happy about it.
Kayla's birthday is this Friday. Jeff and Tom are going to order something online. They will split the order. Rachel likes the orchid necklace. Jeff will pay him back when they meet.
Alex is going to the gym tonight. He's feeling fat.
Judyta is looking for a drying rack in Tesco. Marta has a spare drying rack in her apartment. Ida will pick Judyta up and they will go to Marta together.
Pitt has a blasted file in his in-tray.
Simon, Tom and Andrew will meet at Simon's place.
Rob will be out of the office most of the day. He has a meeting in Plymouth at 11.30. He will get Graham Mason on that.
Jess and Dan are worried about the plumber. They got the pipe covered immediately and it blew up yesterday. They don't have hot water for now. They will call the plumber by 8 pm.
Ann has moved to Lublin.
Tom is going on a trip to Mount Rush tomorrow.
Ben is visiting Sebastian in Warsaw. He will meet Miley and John at the Voice tomorrow at 5 pm. Sarah and John will meet at 4 pm.
Michael received an offer from the provider. He wants to change his phone for something better with better camera. The provider offers a few bundles and prices. Frank advises Michael to cancel the deal and sign a new one.
Dylan and Maya had a Christmas party at the office yesterday. They enjoyed the food and the dancing.
Rodney cancelled the workshops with Kika. If you paid already, he will return the money or put you on the list for the next date which is 3- 4.11. Monica is away for the long weekend.
ABC isn't renewing Nashville. Hayden finished season 5.
Freda is not going to the Chistnas Party because it's too cold. She will buy a ticket.
Rachel didn't invite Ben to Rachel's party. They were a perfect couple. Rachel has serious issues.
Keira is sitting next to a man who is almost doing a split.
Konnor wants to have a cat and a German boxer. He has a friend who has a lot of pets.
Luke, Gery, David and Daniel are going to an early session tomorrow at 630. Daniel will bring a camera.
Allan will come later to fix the problem.
Jo is going to the super market. Meg is too late.
Daniel is heading to Tasmania tomorrow. He's currently in Melbourne.
Wilson is on a trip to Barcelona. He's just entered his room. He's going to spend the entire day on the pitch tomorrow. Leah wants him to come back with her. Wilson is Wilson's girlfriend.
Leu and Bill are sad because they put their house on the market. They are worried about their son's drinking problem.
Gloria and Joel are going to meet tomorrow. Gloria and Joel will find a window.
Vera and Una went to the Fine Tea Room on 5th street for an office party on Sunday.
Felis' cat woke her up at 3 am. He started to purr and wanted to be pet. Felis petted him a few times but was tired. He opened her wardrobe and started pulling out her sweaters.
Professor mulligan will write a recommendation leter for Caroline.
Lillianne's brother met a new girl online. He has only met her a few times and already gave her a super expensive gift. He is very insecure and doesn't know how to handle girls.
Michelle recommends a good politics blog to Carol. Michelle doesn't read any politic blogs. Danny reads lots of blogs every day. Michelle will text him with the best ones later today.
Ethan is thinking of buying a smartwatch. Ben suggests Best Buy.
Janine is going to a place for her kids. She has a boyfriend already.
Sandra's little one has a diarrhoea. He's 4 years old. He's vomiting now.
Tom can't go to the gym tonight because he's working. Sam will be there before 9.
Kate is going to have fittings on Saturday and Monday. Mark is not going to make it this weekend.
Claire and Sophia are very excited about FATM's new single.
Julie is looking for people to work at her company. Mike is away on holidays. Julie will forward the job offer to Rosy.
David was in Amsterdam on St Patrick's Day. Theresa was not with him today. David is excited to drink with the King.
Andrew will buy a book about photography for Przemek's birthday.
Fred quit his job because of mobbing. He wants to have a better working environment. He will have holidays starting on Friday.
Noah will come to Jacob's place this weekend to learn how to play cards.
Christine and Joan are going to the concert. They will arrange the train tickets.
Timothy has Kev's number.
Ron will be at Alice's house in 5 minutes.
Bud will be there in 5 minutes. Buzz will order Bud a beer.
Keith and Alex will eat fish from this morning.
Boris forgot the shopping list on the table. Phil will key it in for him.
Sebastian and Marta are looking forward to the holidays.
Steve will order a display from Steve.
Ray, Garry and Paula had a great time. They also had a great time.
Sarah came back from yoga class. She enjoyed it. Nina wants to join her next time. Sarah will join her on Mondays and Tuesdays at 7.
Joanne had many business meetings at work. She had meetings with clients and colleagues. Mike needs new staff. Joanne will send her vacant jobs.
Joanna and Monica are having a video conference. Joanna finds a photo of a woman who is 30 years old.
Jeanne and Vanessa are discussing the problem of pineapple on pizza. Clive has eaten pizza with chocolate and bananas. Jaimie ordered Hawaiian pizza.
Sammy is eating soup at Beth's place on New Year's Eve. She will wear a casual dress.
Graham was hit by a car in Tesco car park Black Rd. He wants to pay for what he did. He is fine.
Krystal and Mikayla miss Cuba.
Jessica will join Tom and Tom in Spoons around 10.
Lowe is out of work for half an hour. He's already 15 minutes past the time they discussed.
Ria, Ben, Lars and Holly won the petition.
Karen and Nick went to a thrift store. They picked outfits for each other.
Steven and Lesley are going to give Mum a gift on her birthday. They will meet in the garage.
Max, Jeremy and Jason are discussing the effects of smoking cannabis.
Nora sent her photos to Harper but they haven't gone through to her. She will check later.
Gary and Paul are going for a beer at 8 pm because of Black Friday.
Dylan went to a barbershop for the first time. He was able to remove his unibrow and hair on his nose. Natalie wants Ian to go to a barber.
Lucy is going to run a half marathon.
Ed and Shane are going to the restroom with Ed's bag. Ed and Shane will pick up Ed's bag after the movie.
Tom's dad died in Vietnam. He got the medal of honor for bravery. He got the Purple Heart.
Danielle is in a traffic jam.
Lucy put the schedule for next term in Lucy's pigeon holes.
Elisa has a flexible timetable and has lots of free time. She has a job at the university and she has a lot of work to do.
Harry's sister's cat is allergic to eggs. Peter will meet Alice at Barney's tomorrow.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies to the store. Robert will buy onion crisps.
Margaret had a car accident today. She is safe. Jacob advises her to drink lots of water.
Hank's mom was out of ice cream. He's going to the store anyway.
Miley missed Corey.
Emily increased her marks in the absence of Prof. Greg. Emily will say sorry to prof. Greg tomorrow.
Sindey and Nick are going to have a beer on Friday.
Helene will come next Thursday as David is away. Helene has a sport meeting at 7 pm. She will be there at 8:30 pm.
Sayed is working on his own again. He gets extra 50p per hour. He's eating crap most of the time. He's playing on his phone at the moment.
Carole and Jake are getting along.
William is in Vienna and wants to move there for at least a year. Joan and Nancy are also in Vienna.
Hans has a photo of Gary.
Henry is preparing for a meeting with the staff from Germany. They showed them around the new facilities this morning.
Steven forgot his keys. Grandma will be coming in a few minutes to open the door for Rose.
Mia and Mira are going to make soup today.
John is going out for a few rounds on Friday night. He wants to spend more time with his kids and spend time with his wife. He is not happy with his family life. George suggests a break on Friday night.
Farrah and Wilder are not going to the gym today. Wilder is going to the gym tomorrow.
Paula is also here.
Anna and Mat like cats. They like them. They like the characters in Count of Monte Christo.
Jonathan is going on a field trip. Monica will take attendance. She will mark the class.
Mason is not going to COMM345 because he's sick.
Sam and Amanda went to a club 55 after Dean left. Amanda left after 20 minutes with some guy who looked like her ex. Sam met someone who puked all over Sam's shoes when they were leaving. Sam stole bang her.
Danny will let Derek sleep for once.
John and Tim are moving together. The lady who owns the apartment is very polite and never said anything. The apartment is decent. The rooms are old and haven't been renovated in quite some time. The bathroom has been renovated recently.
James is going to see a game after work. Mary will leave him some food for later. Patrick will also see a game.
Tom needs to leave some documents at the university. Nora will be there tomorrow and will take them for him. Nora will copy them in the city and come over in 20-30 minutes.
Gill will not turn up at the party. Anna is embarrassed.
Matt went for a walk with the dog two minutes ago. Ross will be late today.
Paula spent a great time in the country. Tim and Paula will meet again to jam more often.
Harry, Victoria, Jim, Lily, Greg, Tom and Lily are cooking vegetarian dishes tonight.
Jess took the wrong bus and her phone died. She's at Mia's place. Sean will pick her up in 20 minutes.
Samantha is staying at her parents' place for another week. She will go to Vertigo Jazz Dance Club on 20th. Samantha will come back on 20th, but will probably need to rest.
Caroline and Alex are going shopping on Mon. Alex will call them up on Sun.
John's register had a picture of Messi on the cover. Michael saw it with Ava.
Paul loves Nicole.
Frank has an interview with Goldman Sachs at 6 pm on Thursday. The interview starts at 7 pm.
Rich and Alex are meeting tomorrow at 1 pm to discuss some points.
Adam and Mary have bought new curtains.
Gibson added Camdyn as a friend.
Teddy was going to play CS. Benji called and they are gathering guys. They will start in the next hour. Teddy will let Alex know when he has more info.
Udo will be in 20 minutes. He was supposed to be at 6. James will visit him at 5.30.
Timmy is not fair with his dad.
Tony is in America. There is a shop with Finnish food close to his place.
Jo came back last night.
Henry is going to the Irish pub tonight. Dorothy doesn't want to go out.
Sam and Dorothy are going to date Tom from his morning English literature. Tom is a Shirtless guy. Sam did a basic facebook research and it seems he's miraculously single.
Steve, Gabe and Rachel are excited about the line-up for Glastonbury.
Josh and Helen are on their way to Tanger. They are going to Morocco.
George and Jenny are writing their essay at the end of November.
Tim has seen the last episode of SNL. He laughed at Julie. Grace is watching it.
Charles and Peter have been to Agrigento recently. They recommend a bar near the main street.
Doris's sister had a heart attack early on Tuesday morning. She has had 2 stents fitted. She walked a 21 km walk on Sunday. She is in Pietermaritzburg. Doris will drive her to see her soon.
Monica is looking for an apartment. She hasn't received many responses. She will come over to Owen's apartment on Thursday night.
Emory is watching the X Factor.
The rowing practice is cancelled. Some members have injuries and some are sick.
Erin can't come to thanksgiving dinner because she has work on Friday. She will see Paula at Christmas.
Bella and Edward are going to the farewell party tomorrow.
Marc is soooore after yesterday's workout. He will come to the gym on Tuesday.
Roc is spying with his little eye. Will thinks Roc got the wrong number.
Eleonor, Patricia and Betty will meet next Sunday at a bar. Patricia's mother in law has a birthday.
Ashley is hosting an eyebrow skillshare. Gerardo will clean his eyebrows.
Patricia has been talking about a fair-trade brand. Elle and Florence like it.
Dia landed in Frankfurt. He will take a taxi to the station. Dia will call Dad in the evening.
Sam owes Alex $100. Sam will give it back tomorrow.
Saul is on his way to Julie. He will be there in 10 minutes.
Lisa and Kate are at the Sunshine Coast. There is an invasion of jellyfish on the coast. Lisa has had more than 1000 people seeking treatment for bluebottle stings today.
Anna is waiting for Carmen's reply to project scheduling to confirm dates. Carmen will remind Oscar the dates, but Oscar was attending two meetings.
Fran needs some rest after a long weekend.
Chris is going to meet with Tracy. Chris will chat to her about taking her out.
Carla has a date for graduation. Diego will book his plane. Carla's parents will come.
Beti's mum Gita is going on a school trip. Milo wants Bev to come. She works part time as a music teacher. She works in Marks part time. She works in management and misses her children. They will be at school on Wednesday at 7.45. They will get to Holly Farm about 10.
Greg texted Julia and she has to get up early tomorrow. He cheated on Julia three times now.
Marry broke her nail. She has a party tomorrow. Tina's sister friend is a cosmetitian. She will call her and let her know.
Lisa will send the declaration to Paige and Maddy by the end of March. Lisa will remind her in a couple of weeks. The deadline for payment is 31 March.
