A wants to get a puppy for her son. She took him to the animal shelter last Monday. He liked it. He will name it after his dead hamster.
Emma wants to buy an advent calendar for her kids. Rob used to get one every year as a child. Lauren adds little notes asking her children to do something nice for someone else.
Madison is pregnant, but she doesn't want to talk about it.
Marla found a pair of boxers under her bed. Her sister convinced someone to put them in her room as a dare.
Robert has to buy guitar cable. Fred gives Robert the address of the music shop.
Keith will buy some milk and cereals. Megan will check in the drawer next to the fridge.
Samantha sends a video to Evelyn and Holly.
Tom invited Theresa and Adam for dinner at Fiesole.
Jane will make a reservation for 6 people tonight at 21:00 for 6 under her name.
Nancy is coming home in 6 weeks. She's going travelling with 3 other Brits working here.
Laura needs a new printer. Jamie suggests she can buy a second hand one.
Haylee will buy coconut milk yoghurt in the dairy section.
Norbert and Wendy need to hurry to catch the tour. Wendy will buy something.
Cecil is driving to the Jandia Peninsula. Cecil wants to explore more the south of the island tomorrow. Peter is just a passenger. Cheryl will let Cecil know after dinner.
Sophie has checked pockets and handbags twice already.
Rosie has to write an essay on bad movies. She will cover "The Room" and "Toxic avenger".
James has a dream to become a voice actor. He wants to be a part of a cartoon or video game. He has a microphone at home and with some help he could make a radio station.
Poppy is going for drinks after work. Alice didn't get lunch because she had errands. Poppy will invite Fred and a bunch of others. They will meet at Nick's at 5:30.
Sash will see Caron before 12. Caron is out from 12.
Matteo's girlfriend Gosia criticizes him because he likes football and video games. Giuseppe doesn't like games either.
Ramzi's mother is calling for supper.
Jeniffer got the ravioli recipe from her grandmother.
Lawrence will be through with the article in a few minutes.
Chad sends Brennen a funny photo.
Chloe will pick up Sadie's bike on Wednesday evening.
Olivia and Carter want to launch a new restaurant in the city centre next month.
Kristine is worried about Kenny because he's back from surgery. He has another surgery scheduled tomorrow, but they might have to reschedule it depending on his condition. Guy will be at St Marks Hospital near Asda.
Joey and Olivia broke up after all these years. Joey cheated on Olivia with numerous girls and got some chick pregnant. Olivia is devastated.
Amanda is pregnant. She went to dancing classes with Michael yesterday. The instructor needed a partner to show the steps they had so far. Amanda volunteered to do English waltz.
Taylor's friends' daughters bring their boyfriends to Taylor. Isabel hasn't had any.
Theo is leaving on Friday. Toby will come back by train on Monday. Toby is going to the Italian Alpes close to Torino. Toby has a free seat in the car. Theo will pick Toby up and come to his neighbourhood.
Brandon hasn't called Clara to say he'd be late. She will prepare a report on the absenteeism and lateness.
Suzie is sick again and wants to cancel. Olga agrees to reschedule.
Diane wants Kate to be her kids' mother. Diane is terrified.
Andrew had to call in sick because he has a cold. Daniel will pick up some stuff from the pharmacy on Andrew's way back.
Alex and Sam are watching 'Millionaires' on tv. Sam has a chance to win a million.
Jessica and Angelica have the cinnamon cookies recipe.
Sophie is waiting for a client. She will meet with Gwen in 15 minutes. Dee is waiting.
Daniel is on his way downstairs. Sue is going downstairs now. Daniel is with the Volvo.
Betty is going to CVS to buy some shaving cream for George.
Ken's phone doesn't work properly. He used endomondo everyday. Martha's friend had a similar issue.
Ann couldn't come to Ivan's birthday party. Ivan bought her something for her birthday. They are meeting next week.
Ashley posted nude pictures on her Facebook page. Rowan has some important stuff to do.
Mikolaj got his wife's papers with working permission. The government had a deadline until last week. Magda got the letter.
Maria is on her way to the hotel. Ann is at the 3rd floor lobby. Peter is still there. Ann and Thomas will have lunch together.
Sus and Val don't want to work.
Kate and Terry are at the Guggenheim right now. They want to go to the Museum of the city of NY. Kai and Terry will join them afterwards for a coffee.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Brooke's house. She will come round at 10 tonight.
Frederica will come to Bradley's birthday party tomorrow at 8 pm.
Camilla received 250. It usually takes around two days to arrive.
Lilliana went to work but she was sent back home. She still gets paid monthly.
Margaret has just had a shower and she needs to buy some things. Meg and Margaret will meet near her school at 1 pm.
Maria is the greatest Pole. Maria Curie was a name of her husband, her surname was Skłodowska.
Miles, Tim and Gregory need to push this project. Gregory has an idea, but not through messenger.
Julia and Morgan will meet for a drink later on.
Marta is at the supermarket to make some shopping for todays dinner. Nick will help her make lasagne.
The staff meeting will be held at 8:30 instead of 8:00. Dzuka will let Anna know if it changes again.
Will is checking his tests. Daniel and Gabriel are disappointed. Dave will write it again on Tuesday.
Sydney, Gavin and Melanie are going to look for Game of Thrones characters around the city.
Aubray wants to watch a comedy with SRK. Kate doesn't like that kind of stuff. Aubray will tell Kate after that.
Jane's shoes were brand new. Lassie left them open again.
Julia and Isabel are going to the shops on Saturday afternoon at 4 pm. Isabel has a hairdresser at 3. Julia will meet Isabel at 5 at the main entrance.
Sally is unavailable for contracting so she has included her friend and colleague, Laura, in the conversation. Michael is interested in Sally's project. They will meet in person or via Skype.
Kate Doran is interested in buying the following books: "Legal English for Polish purposes" and "Business English dictionary". Patricia Keys works at Och theatre. Kate Doran will come at 7 p.m. at the entrance of the theatre.
Judy and Sara were sitting outside, but Sara was cold.
Elton John is the greatest of all time.
Leonardo is going to the airport in the morning. Griffin will pick him up around 6:30.
Franklin's child is crying. Faye advises him to give him a bottle and change his diapers.
Sean, Vanessa and Abigail are happy with the weather in Edinburgh.
Jacob was with Henry last Saturday. His parents were looking for him.
Jack hasn't been up town lately. Quinn is going to the Apple shop to check out the new IPad. Jack will give Quinn a bell at 12.
Andrzej can't come to Magda's class today because he cut his finger and now his stomach hurts.
Robert has been calling Mark all day but his phone is off. Mark gave Robert his notes on the Faircase review to Jenny. Robert and Kate will meet tomorrow for lunch by the fountain.
Andrea sends Grace some photos from her new website.
Luke, Ken and Summer had fun today.
Marcel wants to go to the hospital on Monday. Martha is already 30 weeks pregnant, so she will have to stay there until the end of her pregnancy.
Angela sends Jack and Essy the wedding pictures.
Kate is looking for a bottle of wine for her parents' anniversary.
Camil has made a group so that everyone can share their opinion about the bowling on Friday. The price is 5$ per person. The group will meet at Camil's place at 7 pm.
Harry is going to Ikea this evening. He wants to buy candles and other stuff. James will pick him up at 18.
Jane and Harry are going on holiday to Turkey.
Prudence will pick Sally up at 8:30.
Sebastian wishes Casper happy birthday. Casper has to set up a meeting and drink a beer.
Jagger needs to buy a new car. Farley and Byron advise him to check another garage.
Harry will give Adam his math book tomorrow.
Dwight will leave Greg's parcel in the security office.
Anderson told Eddie and Rose that they are transferring them to a different department.
Trayson's flight got cancelled because of a sudden storm. He will wait in line for another flight.
Hollie is mad at Helga because she criticises her cooking in Armenian.
Daniel got the results back from the blood tests he did.
William, Sam and Isabel are going to watch the new Marvel movie on Monday.
Andrew is blocking Samuel.
Brett, Andrew and John play video games. John likes flight simulators, tank simulators and so on. Andrew hasn't played World of Tanks.
Sheryl and Jeff will visit Ann in the hospital. Ann asked Jeff not to come.
Chris wishes Sandra happy birthday.
Keaton's favourite actress is on Channel 11.
Zed is worried that he might have messed up the project. Fanny wants him to call Michael.
Sophia missed the tram and is waiting for the next one.
Kirk and Abdi are sceptical about the decision to move the capital to Gitega.
Arnold will send Baldwin a photo with the shop's location on Black Friday.
Tomas is from Eastern Europe, close to the Alps. He's the only Slovenian in the company now.
Mia needs a hand with repairing the bathroom door. William will drop by after work and take a look.
Alexander ate so much he cannot move. Harold and Alexander wish each other Merry Christmas.
Caroline got herself a new Toyota. Jessy and Clara would like to trade in their old Mitsubishi for an SUV.
Emma sent Hallie a link to a website with some basic info. Clara is sitting at work.
Floyd won the fight with Conor McGregor. Lorenzo doesn't like boxing, but he watched the fight. Lorenzo and Pablo are going to wait for the fight even if it is at 4 am.
Sophie and Annie weren't informed about the change of ENG teachers b4 March break. The school was closed for 4 days so no one would be available to deal with their Qs & concerns. The new teacher has an MA in education and she's a native Canadian speaker. Annie and Jenny like her.
Joan is too nervous to push Tim.
Monica and Rachel will take the shuttle bus at 2 to avoid being late for the lecture at 5 pm. The next shuttle is at 5.30. They will take a public bus at about 4.
Bella and James are going to play Isle of Skye on Sunday at 2 pm. They will choose the other game later.
Wanda found her keys in Ellie's bag.
Jane has fallen ill again. She needs to pick her ideas up or she will need another job.
Colin congratulates Patrick on his wedding.
Mia is leaving in 5 minutes. Sam unplugged the iron in his room.
Megan is cleaning the house today. Roseanne doesn't want to come because her husband is away this weekend. She will bring her kids to Megan's place.
John won't be able to attend his mother's birthday party because of work.
Sophie and Olivia are having Tacos and Barritos for dinner.
Lena is moving to a new house. She is fed up with the house and wants to have a rest. She will bring the deckchairs next month.
Lilly and her husband just got back from vacation in Mexico. They spent the summer with the 4 of them and had some family time. Lilly and Jamie will meet next Thursday at noon at a new Italian place in Queens.
Monika and Michelle live in November. There is no sign of winter nor snow.
Sonja can't believe they ejected him from the game.
Jim's Repairs is on Freedom street. He rarely picks up, but he has lots of work to do.
Sandra wants to learn horse riding. She booked a slot on Friday afternoon after work. The lesson starts at 6.30.
Sam has just baked a cake. Laura will keep some for Sam.
Rose is going to the airport. She will see Violet in a few days.
Rosie forgot her pen at Harrison's place yesterday. Harrison will give it to her tomorrow at college.
Isabel has received Christian's reservation. Christian will send her photos of their passports this afternoon. Isabel is arriving in Madrid at 21:20 at barajas airport and will let Christian know when she arrives.
Linda paid the gas bill. The tech wants to turn off the gas.
Max and Sylvia are getting a Toyota. They will have to rely on public transport to reach their place.
Sarah and Mariah are watching Sarah Palin on TV. Sarah thinks she should not move from Alaska. Sarah's family appeared on some shows.
Sheri checked Wendy's new tutorial on how to draw eyebrows. Wendy doesn't want to share it with her friends at school.
Ben is getting things done in his home and he's leaving in 2 minutes. Ben needs to feed his cats.
Ross broke his leg again. Madeleine is in the hospital. Maxwell will pick her up.
Martial will call Kevin.
Galvin will send them all an email. Manuel doesn't think it's necessary. Galvin will say bye individually.
Brian is at home. Gary will be there soon.
Georgia is preparing her thesis according to her thesis.
Meki and Veki are playing Canasta. Meki does not like to play cards. Veki advises Meki to read some news papers or Internet blogs.
Collins played FIFA 19 for the first time today. Ben played it 1 month ago.
Shantelle left all the coffee cups out in the kitchen. Karen had to walk all the social workers downstairs to reception and then shoot off. Shantelle will bring donuts for the office tomorrow and Sue will bring cheap biscuits.
It's Jacqueline's birthday today. She's organising a small get-together on Saturday. Marco and Peter will come.
Jamie will watch Danny Glover in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Tash is walking back from the train station now.
Erica is having trouble in calculus 101 and wants Paul to tutor her. She will start a study group.
Lucy organised a surprise birthday party for Marjory on the 9th of April. Gary and Lucy will go away on the 15th.
Magda's car is broken but her dad thinks it's not. Lena will take it to service.
Matt is in the building next door. Jim is coming.
Nick broke his leg while playing football. He can't walk yet.
Harry's father washes his car by himself working his ass off half of a day. The birds decide to shit on Harry's freshly washed car.
Phillip got a new laptop because his old one couldn't run the newer games. He is downloading something on Steam now. He will play on his old laptop.
Agnes will prepare Martha's famous soup for the party.
Otto wants to go on a cruise with Linn. Linn hasn't thought about it yet. Otto will check if he can get the time off work.
Marge's teacher called Ken because Ken failed English. Ken will be back by 7.
Marianne is going to buy a dillema dress for the wedding.
Rashid reminds Fran about the dishwasher repair guy coming today between 2 and 6 pm. Fran has to pick the kids up.
Margot doesn't look at the news because of the protests in Paris.
Tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for Kate. He will send the party details to her friends.
Marcin Gortat thinks about returning to Poland to spend some time with family and build his own family. Matt and Rob want to win the whole league next year.
Josh went to the Devil's Den concert. On weekends they have concerts and on weekdays they have a club where people who like to hit other people are open about it. Josh saved a cat.
Matt has been busy lately. He watched House of Cards, ate pizza, met up with Martha and slept. He hasn't talked to Martha about Saturday's party. Elle has recently been watching a TV show called "Designated Survivor".
Swedish police have found stolen crown jewels from 16th or 17th century.
The girl from Jacob's high school went missing. She was doing history with Jacob last year. She had good contact with her family.
Joy's playlist is outdated. Diclarey will share some of his updated albums with Joy.
Ben and Hannah are sleeping alone. Ben feels empty inside every time he goes to bed. Denis is sure someone will appear soon.
Jen sends Filip some pictures from her trip to Shanghai. Rick is on vacation.
Joan will help Harvey with the home assignment.
Audrey saw Anne today. Kate didn't notice Anne's dress.
Beth will let Will know around 7:00 how it's going tonight.
David is worried because of the tsunami. He was inland when the tsunami hit.
Angelica, Helen, Amy and James are going to have a drink at the bar around 9:30.
Ismael will give Troy the recipe for pancakes.
Soph is on a 5-week drive thru the Yucatan peninsula. She started in Cancun, visited the peninsula and Isla Mujeres, and now has come to Merida for 10 days or so. She's planning to visit Valladolid, Campeche and maybe Izamal and some other places.
Vic doesn't like games where you have to fly a plane and do different missions.
Meg will help Jamie with the translation next week.
Casimir Funk, a Polish researcher, discovered vitamins. Wikipedia says Polish-American. Lena doesn't believe in nationality.
Grace has a new job in town. She signed her contact last Monday. It's a permanent job for an architect.
Natasha doesn't have a twitter account. Albert wants to follow her.
Andreas and his friends can't go to the lake house this weekend because they have some friends and family visiting and it will be occupied. They will ask Chris for a place nearby.
Heather is drinking buckfast with her new housemate Dominic.
Mark is coming back this weekend. Jana and Blake are going to party at the club.
Jess broke his wrist when he fell off the ladder while cleaning the cupboards in the kitchen. He had to have his arm in plaster for about six weeks.
Tom is going to Rome by train. It's sunny and about 15 degrees in Naples. John will talk to the people at his office about finding a replacement.
Ada doesn't want to go to acro today as she has a meeting at that time.
Scarlet sends Jude a message about his uncle Ben's funeral after the fact. Jude will be there in a flash.
Ross will call Mattie when dad is at home.
Oliver found two things he was doing wrong today. The basic follow-up only gives you temp influence and not permanent influence. The second rule gives you income for the resources you own and not for everything you have access to.
Misha wants to buy a dress from YT.
Amanda's phone charger has stopped working. She will ask Keith's sister to lend her hers. Keith will buy a replacement cable from an apple shop.
Mateo wants Jesse to pick up his phone or open the door, but Jesse did not answer the phone.
Martin had a difficult 19th Century European History exam. He almost soiled his pants when he saw the questions.
Alex and Michael will meet at their new apartment on Friday evening at Copernicus st 5/12.
Ted and Shane are going for a beer tonight. Shane hates Janes.
Iza and Monica have been waiting for this for a long time.
Isabella and Megan don't like Megan's outfit.
Howard will take Jane out for a romantic dinner to a seaside restaurant.
Hanna and Mason rescheduled their Aiesec meeting at 7 pm today. Xavier can't attend because he can't join them.
Francesca and Ellis are watching Theresa on TV.
Anet and Tish are going to lunch at 2 pm.
Jimmy and Sandy are going to pick another bar.
Saanvi saw a photo of Callum and his friend on the beach.
Andy, Barbara, Peter, Paul and Simone are going to meet at Mammals at 8 pm. The free drinks end at 7.30. Andy will be there at 6.30, but he may be tipsy at 8.
Allan's painting is broken down. Frank will borrow Allan's car this afternoon to fix it.
Michelle's boss accepted the holiday on July 8th-19th. Alex will book the offer and wire the money. They will spend 14 days in Croatia on the beach.
It's her birthday in 2 days. Tom and Sam haven't talked in weeks. Sam is going to do whatever he wants.
Serena had a busy day at the store today. She will pop into the shop on the weekend to say hi.
Kylie sent Alex some photos. Alex would like to be there with her.
Zain invited Reyna to his party.
Tyler has found the sweatshirt he was looking for. Orion is not going to order it.
Lily and Sandra will meet today.
Ethan and Ann will meet next to the bus station. Ethan will be there within 10 minutes. Danny will be at Ethan's house in 20-25 minutes.
Sally is in a new relationship and she doesn't know what to do about it. She had a heart to heart with someone who understands her.
Lizzy is going out with Marco and his friends to a club. She will wear a black dress with a smoky smoky with colour accent. She is going to wear a half cut crease.
Michael and Betty are going to install benches at a school tomorrow. Betty is free on Saturday evening.
Karen is on sick leave again. Ashley is stuck giving the presentation on her own again.
Royce and Mario love each other.
Kate and Karen are meeting in Starbucks. Nancy will be an hour late.
Hanna is looking for a medium size skirt from Gina's store on 4th street.
Beryl has lost contact with Anton for a few months now. Anton is running his airbnb. Beryl is considering going down to Onrus in January. Anton will keep the airbnb booked for Beryl and Tino.
Kate went to see a fortune-teller. She saw shoes, a door, a pair of big men's shoes and one pair of shoes. Kate will meet someone and will have a kid.
Max sends Hugo pictures from the last lecture. Hugo is busy smoking weed and girls. Max's mum is at hospital.
Mark went to a 7-star Hotel restaurant yesterday. He missed it because he needed to pass gas.
Gina is hungover. She ordered pizza from McDelivery.
Iris will buy Nina Ricci pink apple for Flo and a small coffee machine for Ted. Diana will buy a travel clock for Ted and a cap for FR.
Sally, Miranda, Danny, Sam and Danny are organizing the celebration in London. Danny collected the addresses for Ella and Sam. Sam will take care of the hotel for Mike.
Eve's boss made her come to the office on Saturday for a coffee run. Anton thinks she's being unfairly biased against her.
The meeting is still on at 2 pm. Adam and Zhe will book a taxi.
Bella went to London for a conference. She presented a paper. She got good feedback.
Jace used Tik-Tok app. Mya will send him the link in 5 minutes.
Jojo has just come from the interview and they want her. Matt will pick up Jojo.
Butch will be Carol's boyfriend.
The party starts at 7.
Daniel, Sara and Greg are going jogging tonight. They start at Regent's Park at 7.
Henning and Linda watched Suspiria.
Mike cannot bring Lily's wallet.
Don and Jules are having supper at 7. Marissa and Keith are coming. They have one meal left until the end of the term.
Janin needs Andrew's help tomorrow. Andrew will bring food and drink.
M. Maclinch invited Tania, Galia and Sacha for a brunch Halla Gwardi at 1pm on Friday evening. They are all expected at 8:30. They will report their drink to the Levy.
Sue will pick Jenny up from the shops in the next hour. Jenny has a cold and she needs milk bread and eggs. Sue will let Jenny in.
Eli is going to lose to Steve in bar games.
Lily is stuck in a traffic jam. Meredith and Diana will meet at the main station in 5 minutes.
Beth, Jim, Josh and Carol are not ready for the storm that is coming tomorrow night. They need to buy supplies.
Sarah and Finlay are meeting today.
Marcin doesn't celebrate Halloween in Poland. On November 1st they go to the cementary with their families and after that spend time together. Kate advises Marcin to go out and have fun.
Mark and Angie have a baby named Maya. Mark will be home in 2-3 days.
Oscar needs a new puppy check and a microchip to see when he can be neutered. He has a condition of adoption. Evie will make it.
Isiah and Antonio are going to the games tomorrow. Melanies is sick, Tim and Joe are tired and angry. Rachel spends all the time at home. Antonio wants to go alone, but Isiah has a free evening tomorrow.
Eve is going to a party with her work girls.
Billy will wait for Lily and Harry for 20 minutes. Harry will buy a beer for running late.
Crystal had a hard day at work. She will buy a bottle of wine in the evening.
Ben will go to the gym after work. He will buy cereals, butter, cheese spread, broccoli, carrot and washing-up liquid. Jill will wait for him with dinner.
Ricky is going to have a knee surgery next Thursday in Burlington. Lucy and Ricky will meet for lunch.
Ben's mother broke her leg. They had to get her to hospital. She suffers from demetnia.
It's forest school tomorrow. Nia, Lindsay and Elsa are in group 2.
Julian bought some chocolates for Linda.
Josh, Lana and Mark will go bowling tomorrow at 8 PM at Mark's place.
Professor Xavier has his duty hours on the 2nd floor. His office is in statistics department.
Adam, Jasmine and Rebecca are going to climb the mountain tomorrow. The forecast is sunny but not too hot. They will start walking at 7 AM and be on the peak before the hottest hours.
Andy and Kate had fun yestarday. They will meet tomorrow at Cleo's.
Andy, Julia and Julia will watch Anastasia tonight.
Clara doesn't have any spare blankets, pillows or basically anything for John. John is going to the shelter today. Clara will donate something next.
Ali and Gina are going to Bristol Half Marathon on Sunday.
Brian will approve the pending post.
Olivia is craving OJ. Erik and Jack will go to Original Joe's tonight.
Francesco's region is very poor. The government wants to give fields in his region to people who have 3 kids and more.
Rayan bought a new motorcycle and wants to sell it. Greg will come to Rayan's house tomorrow and they will talk about the price.
Liz is having guests this weekend. Ralph will check with the supplier now. The drapes will be finished today but the pillows won't be done until next week.
Jim is filling out a job application. He has one more semester left. He will visit his parents at a countryside on Tuesday at 7 pm.
Robert's doctor appointment is at 7.
Ion would apply for a job on a remote island.
Misty and Bob are going skiing next week. They will go same mountain as last time.
Ostoja and Jaca are in the Hospital now. Dača has a first simple overview. They prepare him for blood extraction, for analyses purposes. They take him to the Institut for "Mother and Children". He has a high pulse, between 120 and 170. They stop the operation.
Alice apologizes for writing to Margaret on Facebook. Margaret will send Alice more feedback over the weekend.
Noah will take the things away from the balcony as it's going to rain today. Heidi will close all the windows in case of a storm.
Karen is taking the bus to Boston at 12.40. Matthew will be there at 12 and they will have a fast lunch together.
Sofia's car needs an oil change. She has a 50% coupon sent in the mail. She will make an appointment with the dealer on Saturday.
Yannick and Ellen broke up because of a fight. Ellen will see Yannick in class.
Neeley will take the iron from Blake's room.
Elisabeth and Charles will go for a supper tonight.
Ella will meet Charlie at 7 pm to help her with the assignment.
Cooper should be done with his proposal by today. Jimmy will come over to Cooper's house around 5 pm to see how he is handling it.
Lisa, Maria and Marissa recommend running shoes to Lisa.
Nadya's neighbours are loud. She will leave all her windows open when the baby arrives. Sean is going to do some yoga.
Tamara will take out the trash. Felice's keys hang next to umbrella in the hall.
Tommy is moving to the suburbs next weekend. Ken and Jimmy will help Tommy move all the furniture and stuff on Saturday morning.
Fiona and Sean are going to the Polish bookstore on Sanderstrasse for a discussion about translating andrei platonov. Sean will let them know in advance that he needs headphones for the sim. interpretation.
Jude will be in warsaw at the beginning of December so they could meet again. Leon won't be here during the first weekend of December.
Ann will be at Phil's party tomorrow. Phil fell in love with Ann and wants to see her together.
Esther is at the concert with her flatmate, Bennett. They will eat ice cream and go home.
Cheryl needs some math tutoring. Austin will help her.
Heather has already added 3 shirts to the cart and is looking for some jeans. Jason is going to buy tennis shoes for his mom.
Mark is planning his holidays in Europe. Sarah recommends Barcelona, Madrid, San Sebastian, Avignon in France.
Franklin wishes Vic happy 40th birthday. Vic is going out with Manda and few mates to Chicago. He will do an Experience Day voucher in the spring.
Tram and Brody are taking the bus.
Una needs a lift after practice. Jean can't pick her up.
Lavender went to the wedding with Oliver.
It's raining. Denis and Chris will wait it out until 11.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louise will bring her her red velvet dress.
Mona found Ben's keys on the kitchen table.
Peggy's mom said she needs to lose weight. Lucy thinks it's unhealthy to weight 137 pounds at her age. Lucy and Peggy will go for a walk on Saturday.
Catherine, Phoebe and Stacy are going jogging this evening at 7 pm at the park. Catherine will come by at 6:50.
Shanon is in the mountains with the old people. He missed a lot of classes with Mr. McKormick.
Rebeca recommends Harvard and the Museum of Fine Arts to Carol.
Luis is turning 18 next month. He is concerned about the elections next year.
Mona left her gloves somewhere. Lizzy will check it.
Ann Winslet sends Samantha Smith a link to the course folder. It contains the trailer for  "Buck", the dialogue list and the VLC installer.
Raymond is looking for a notebook under 500 dollars for his parents to use. Kane will remind Raymond next week.
Sally got a card for her brother. She will ask Simon to fill it in tonight when he gets home.
Magda's car insurance is paid for the rest of the year.
Patricia and Barry are excited about Cyberpunk 2077's release.
Mia feels old. Anthony wishes her happy birthday. Mia has read that women are happier in their thirties.
Colin and Josh haven't talked to the landlord yet. Sean will call him tomorrow morning.
Hudson will bring chicken and Boiled rice for dinner.
Mila is studying food and nutrition at UBC. She doesn't live in residence. Jason will visit Mila in Vancouver in February.
Ciaran will meet with Paul Sheehan in 30 minutes. Ciaran has an appointment in Clonakilty.
Joona hasn't arrived. Laura will write her as soon as she's arrived.
Jess will be there in 5 minutes.
Penelope created a new group because the old one disappeared.
Grayson is going to Spain for 2 weeks. Harrison will give him a lift to the airport.
Paul had a doctor's appointment at 9 am. He has been feeling weird for the last couple of days. He didn't have any other symptoms. He will stop by the Mobil gas station in the afternoon.
Mary is at Jedida's place but she's coming home soon.
Mary is frustrated because her husband doesn't know how to communicate. Eva advises her to open a bottle of wine and wait.
Joe recommends Bojack Horseman to Clément.
Barney dropped his mum's favorite orchid and now he has to replant it before she comes back. Judith advises him to go to The Home Depot.
Joe needs half an hour to get to Half Moon. Masher will pick him up at 7:30. Simon will call Masher.
Kenny gave up on the geography exam because it's too much. Milena and Marco are studying for the Pacific exam.
Amy's work was weird. Mark's attitude is horrible.
Ilo and Adele are meeting at 4 pm at Europskii. Adele will take her black high heel shoes with her.
Gil and Ronda will go for a walk after work.
Mel and Angelica are tired of the primary season.
Harry is at the store. He will buy eggs, milk, cheese and rice, tomato soup and milk. Harry will ask his mom if she has a list.
Zoey can't find her shoes. Lucas put them behind the cardboard.
Haleema and Dakkota are going for a yoga session in the park on Saturday. They will grab a tea and a snack afterwards.
Zara and Rose are going to see Jack at 6:30 pm tomorrow.
Kierian and Jana are going to play basketball.
Theresa and Mary discovered Don Fefe pizza place in Campo di Marte last night.
Adrien is waiting for Kamil and Teddy at the office. They will go to the gym together.
Sarah will be in and out of the cunt all day tomorrow.
Rebecca's birthday is next month. Emily, Patrick, Julia and Emily are going on a trip. They will buy a box with presents and a ski-jumping voucher.
Ronan is dating a Czech guy. They had sex in shower and then again in the night, so more than 1 night stand. Ronan doesn't know what he wants.
Eddy, Audrey and Marion will have a meeting on Tuesday. On Monday they are both in the gym in the afternoon and afterwards they are going with the Meadows to see the Baltus exhibition in Riehen. On Friday they will meet at the same place. Audrey might come late.
Caroline will pick up Laura from school at 3 p.m. because she has to stay longer at work.
Brian is busy at work. Dave will call him in 5 minutes.
Megan is going to visit Jacob in hospital tomorrow at 10.30. Terry will buy apples for Jacob.
Stanley will jump in on Railway Station stop.
Ella wants to buy a dress. Nina and Lila agree.
Emilia will be late. Catherine and Meggy will wait for her.
Vikings are coming back at the end of November. Filip is too busy to watch the next episodes.
The research project needs free workforce. Mike and Cassie do dirty work, go do those interviews, and then they cut yout out.
Nathan is meeting Kaylee in half an hour. Lucas will borrow Nathan's plaid flannel shirt.
Agnes bought a new Huawei Y9 2019 phone.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies and a pack of onion crisps.
Monica and Paulina miss each other. Monica will have a gift for everyone before Christmas.
Bill will bring his own games tonight.
Martha owes Grace 100 quid. Next week she will give it back to Grace.
Dora slept well but didn't get much sleep. Ben's hotel is close to the city centre. Dora was working late. The bank is almost done.
Brian sends Michelle the voting link. Michelle will vote for Bianca.
Mike missed his bus, so he has to wait for another one. John will start the meeting without him.
Matty and Ella are going to Uni for Christmas. Ella is studying Microbiology and Biochemical Pathways to Metabolic Illnesses. Matty has a lot of work on his dissertation.
Scott wants to buy Matt's moto, but he has no cash.
Alex, Mindy and Greg need to commit to a subject for their referrals next week.
John is home alone and he's feeling nauseous and wamr. Carol is on her way.
Katy is tired and will go home soon. Ciara and Mila will join her.
Alex will pick Alaine up at 8 tomorrow.
Khloe is looking for a long-term job. She will ask her manger to contact her.
Max doesn't know if there are free masters courses for foreigners in Poland. Joanna will look it up and get back to Will.
Tom doesn't have a hangover.
Kimberly won't be able to meet with John and Jane next weekend because her Grandfather passed away. The funeral is planned for Saturday. Kimberly is heading to Oshawa on Friday.
Jake will take Ben's laptop from his room. Ben won't get to play DOTA tonight.
Camille, Sam and Ahmed are going to the mosque by bus. Ahmed will write Camille when he has the car.
Dorothy and Sarah are celebrating their 17th anniversary. Damian spent the night in Zakopane. Dorothy has a big camp at church this week. She has to be at church at 7 am tomorrow and all day for training volunteers, and then every day for camp at 7am with the kids. She was working late this past week.
Gabriel wishes Zuza a happy birthday.
Nicole is still getting her papers ready. One of her teachers hasn't sent her his evaluation yet. Nicole will have a look at her personal statement.
Patrick will be late. Debra will see him in the evening.
Charlie passed the CLO. He had his phone and internet access. He was the only one in her office. henrique helped him.
Bill and Annette are on their way to the airport.
Steve didn't receive any calls from Jim.
Esme, Eliza and Rose will have a Skype call tonight at 8 pm.
Dusan will come for 1 lesson tomorrow at 4-5:30. The course book will be at the reception.
There was an earthquake in China yesterday. People lost everything.
Natalie's car is still in the shop and it will take almost a month to fix it. Nicholas wants the originals.
Kate and Monica are going to the Dead Sea in few days.
Fernand sends Jake a video of a shot that hit the net.
Matthew and Anthony are going to Greece this summer. They want to spend 5 days on Rhodes, then 5 in Crete, 4 in Athens and rent a car and go north to Thessaloniki. They are going for 3 days to Athos, where women are not allowed.
Jeffrey will be late. Collins arranged a quick but important meeting with Helen.
Owen is working on a project in Toronto. He needs more volunteers, but they give Owen money back for travel costs and acomodation.
Dave is driving up to Kidderminster with Ethan tomorrow and he can't take Ethan to nursery. Sharon asked him to do the regional marketing thing for the new campaign for the campaign, but he refused. Dave wants to present the project as he worked on from the word go.
Anita and Tom went too far last night. They will talk about it over a cup of coffee today.
Kate is still at the camp. Nia will come over to say hi.
Anna posted a picture with Harry with the caption 'new love'. Sam thinks Ron should talk to Anna.
Linda has been without internet for days. Georgia is worried about the NBN being rolled out locally.
Jane and Howard's siblings are dating. Jane saw them kissing in front of their house yesterday. Howard will ask Andy about it.
Mike, Jay, Mark and Hayes are meeting today. Smith is not at school. Hayes is here.
Tim has bought a new sofa. He will pick Chris up at 3.30 and they will go for a beer at the new pub near the university.
Jean, Jackie and Philip will go out for a beer.
Samantha sent Lilly a link to ghost him recently.
Hannah is selling her rollerblades because she got an injury. Lucy will come back to Hannah in the evening to decide on the purchase today.
Mr. Cheng will give Robin a lift to the mall tonight. Robin needs to buy new jeans.
Mom wants Kevin to wear a clean t-shirt today.
Zendaya will be home at 8. Phil will wait with the dinner.
Gina and Drake went to a concert yesterday. Drake liked the music and Basia liked it. Gina will ask Drake about it next time they're going somewhere.
Sandra will give Beth a coffee in 15 minutes.
Chris has just bought a new Galaxy S9. He will see it tomorrow at work.
Amanda has no news yet. Trevor wants her to come over.
Warner and Ivan are going to the club near the central bus station tonight.
Ramsay recommends Home Alone, "Home Alone", "The Lethal Weapon" and "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation".
Mellery has to order flowers for Johnson's funeral. Paul will meet Mellery at 10:30.
Aric didn't pick up the parcel from the post office yesterday. He will pick it up today.
Joanne is taking a few days off next week because she is going to spain with her fiancee. Monica and Joanne are going to have two presentations with clients next week. Joanne is not sure if she will cancel her trip.
Maggie wants to go to comic con with David. David is not into it. Maggie will call nick to get all the details.
Anne is thinking about changing her bank. She has an account with Barclays. She wants to get a credit card after three months.
Grace is in the ballroom. Julia and Marie are at the table.
Angie is thinking about the future with Freddie. Susie would choose Henry.
Anna hasn't contacted anyone since 12th October. Neither Mila nor Wyatt have called the police.
Donna got a letter from her mom yesterday. It's an invitation to Conrad's wedding. Conrad is coming.
Jane went to the post office before midday and sent Louis his letter. Louis translated some Polish material from Polish years ago for a web site that they're going to publish in book form now.
Emma moved to London a month ago. Her company just opened a branch here. Jacob is the boss' assistant. Emma travels a little bit.
It's Bart's first day in new job. He doesn't know how to greet people. Ann will wait for him at MIke's.
Philip's article has been published in the New Scientist.
Bryson bought Rammstein tickets 2 weeks ago and he spent more than an hour trying to get them, but they are all gone. He thinks someone will be selling later one if they can't attend.
Amanda forgot about the tutorial office meeting. She will wait until it's over.
Richard feels horrible today and doesn't want to come to the party. Susan advises him to go to an internist.
Andrea will bring a tent for 2 ppl max. Brian's tent is for 3. Andrea doesn't need any climbing stuff.
Martin is at the demo. Gonzo and Martin will meet in 45 minutes.
Mary is upset because Erick told her something confidential. She told Jordan to keep it for himself.
The accident was Phillip's fault.
Edward is looking for a good present for Angie for her birthday. Geraldine got Angie a basket of lotions, perfumes, soaps and all that stuff. Angie likes Japanese comic books.
Carter slipped on the floor. Grace will mop it.
Louis is in Petersburg. Louis was in an Internet café yesterday and saw a guy openly masturbating.
Mia, Katy and Jeff should leave before 3. If nobody comes, they won't have to be here tomorrow.
Richard broke up with Peter 3 years ago.
Tarja, Tom, Chelsea and Jenny are meeting on Saturday at Tarja's place.
The "Sala del Capitolo" is in the main building with the huge round table.
Nick and Chris are going to the cementary on November 1st. Chris changed his name to Arthur.
Gina can't do anything today because of the weather. Gina will take the day off work.
Paul is bored and wants Julia to take him home.
Marty invites Becky to his birthday party that will take place in Jameson Bilard Club at 7 pm tomorrow.
Brad's engine doesn't work well. Dom will check it in the evening.
Grace will come with the curly hairstyle tomorrow.
The crack for FIFA19 Pc is out. John will download it.
JUAN is going to travel to BRAZIL. Last year JUAN worked in a CAR'S FACTORY as MECHANIC in this country. He is very fond of his sister LARISSA.
Joan will be back around 6.30. Alex will come back earlier and cook.
Jeremy and Judith will meet up next week to watch the game.
Jack's head is killing him. Sarah advises him to take an aspirin. Mary suggests ibuprofen.
Fala's son Rafal needs braces to straighten out his teeth. Rafal's pangs are sharp and he didn't use his fangs. Fala recommends going to the dentist.
Alice works for Tmf now. She saw the new office last week. Joanna wants Alice to come back to their standard lessons on Tuesday mornings.
Matthew and Mike haven't seen the new game of thrones episode yet. Matthew and Mike have seen it.
Ken and Lia have been to Polonia Club.
Mercy has just finished installing Griffins and Golgoy. She will let Gus know when she launches.
June will visit Bentley for Christmas but she will stay only 2 days. She is no longer a student. She has to work. She doesn't eat any meat or anything of animal origin.
Marion went to Athens for a week to do sightseeing and then for another week to Crete. They visited museums, some archaeological sites and of course the Acropolis. Marion and Robert are planning to go back to Greece next year.
Kate is home in 25 minutes. She will eat sandwiches and tea.
Karl and Sharon are going to Dubai for the weekend.
Abraham has just vacuumed the whole place.
Anna is fed up with the carpet. She wants to move out and drink a lot of wine.
Michaela, Ron, Jessie and Steve are discussing the idea of forming an association.
Laura wants to be a rich bitch who gets amazing orgasms for breakfast.
John and Johnny are in Catania.
Oleg is doing a presentation. Oleg has an environmental case with Ellen Brockovich. Annie doesn't have a pair yet.
Angela is pregnant. Helen's mother has all the important information. Angela has a good relationship with the father. Helen and Stephanie have Christmas plans for New Year's Eve.
Oliver is in the lobby in 10 minutes finishing his paper.
Debra's mother is still unemployed and she's trying to find a job. Debra doesn't have any job experience, so she doesn't know if she'll be able to find anything.
Claudette seduced Thomas.
Mia doesn't like Josh. Diane likes him. Josh told Roger that Mia is the hottest chick at Bromley High.
Paul is looking for a cleaner for the BRRN. Barry will contact the organisers.
Ryan needs a programming related project asap. He forgot to submit it before the due date. Isaac has sent him the file.
Tom, Peter and Chris are going to the party tonight. Mary hasn't decided yet.
Ed and Jill are going to a jazz concert on the Monday before Thanksgiving. Ed will go to Bistro du Coin.
Tonight at 21:45 a new series of "Grey Zone" comes on BBC4. It's one or two installments. Papa can cope with it.
Brandon will prepare Nicole's favourite salad tonight. Nicole slipped and is waiting to see the doctor.
Everett is at his family's place for Christmas this weekend. Ida is going to text him about it. Andrzej's brother and his family are coming to dinner tonight.
Peter and Jen are coming to Warsaw for the weekend. They will stay on Alex's couch for 2 nights. Peter and Jen will go to Ikea on Saturday to grab some stuff for the new apartment.
Theo met Brian Richardson on the street. They had a chat.
It's cold and rainy.
Lily wants to borrow the book she talked about on her last lecture from Professor Roberts, but she cannot find it. Charlie has already read Lily's paper. Lily will submit it after the deadline.
Fran sends Les a photo of herself.
Eva thinks she's allergic to her roommate's cat. Maria advises her to try an antihistamine.
Joshua has just seen the heritage. The reviews were all wonderful, but the modern horrors were boring.
Harry and Mike saw tracey at the weekend. She was drinking too much and she got mouthy with Harry. She went out with julie and her fella, but she was quiet. Harry will call Mike later and let him know.
Kelly got a toy kitchen that broke the next day. Bill got a robot that broke a week later. Freddie got Alfie the Bear. Sarah got a guitar.
Tim doesn't want to come to the concert with Chris and Simon tonight.
Angelo has astigmatism and can't find his glasses. Catherine has a minor corrective prescription.
Silvia will be free in 5 minutes.
Bruno will send the details of the KPR project to Winston via e-mail ASAP.
Brie will pick up the keys of Katie's flat today at 15:30.
Davey can't find the basement key.
Josef will be selling his products in the old town today. Bryan will help him.
Jenny and Tom are in Baku. Turkay is staying here till September. There are more than 2 million people living there.
Jake has to work late and wants to go out with Max next week.
Sylvia has just returned from the gym and she's coming to Tabitha.
Gwendoline got Slytherin. She marked some answers about persuasion and being smart and sneaky.
William's parents will be staying at his place this Sunday. Emily and Ron will unfuck it.
Amy is going away next week. Mark will sign her in on Thursday at 4.30 pm. Jim will take care of his car himself. Amy wants to have the tyres changed before everyone wakes up.
Mandy is still at class.
Nelly and Simon are tired after the tracking. Graham is still in bad. Chuck didn't drink last night.
Michael and Betty are going to meet on Monday after work. Betty has another meeting at 8 pm so they will only have around 3 hours.
Bianca will book some space for Ahmed at the statistics class.
Julie's appointment with Sarah was booked for 3.30 this afternoon.
Tom had a hangover on Friday. He called Erica a fat ass.
Emma told Max she hooked up with Will at the party.
Royce got back home in a taxi. He was up till l8.
Dave didn't show up yesterday because he had to stay longer at work. Johnny played some games and drank some beer. Dave confirmed that everyone will be there next weekend.
Charles and Carol will go to the opera next month.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom got engaged on Valentine's Day.
Alexia will listen to a podcast about a man who changed his diet to help himself feel better.
Will will pick George up from work in 10 minutes.
Ella was going to visit her parents, but Vicky is staying home. Ella and Vicky will go for a movie with Ella's parents.
Joseph thinks he might be Leo's brother.
Erica and Barry want to sell their car finally. It's 1999. It burns a lot of gas.
Gracie is interested in Design STH event. Zoe will come to her house and they will grab something to eat afterwards.
Coco has a nuber to admin. They cut the water off downstairs. Noah used the bathroom, but didn't shower.
Luke is running 15 minutes late. Jane will come to reception and get him. Luke is in the blue van.
John is playing a game called witcher. He is about to leave Valen. He has seen Henry Cavill as Geralt and it's awful.
Orion's rat died.
Frank made a tuna salad for lunch. It's full of crunch with celery, carrots and onion, a dab of low fat mayo, black pepper and a tiny bit of hot sauce. He doesn't eat it on bread.
Saqib went on a date with his girlfriend. She kissed him. Haris is coming to his home now.
Hope didn't get the job. Josie keeps her figers crossed for her.
Victor wants to go to a concert with Aaron and Mark. They are going to Disperse club near the muzeum. Roman is coming and Mark has already confirmed. They will meet out front at 7.
Carl will invite Evelyn, Marek and Barbara to dinner on Thursday at his place.
Betty missed her bus. Harriet will leave her ticket with the attendant.
Jim will meet Eva in her office in 10 minutes. He will bring Michael and Alan with him.
Mack has a lot of washing to do. He hasn't spoken to the landlord yet, but he has more time next week. Hakim wants Mack and Hakim to go to an Italian restaurant.
Dave has a vinyl copy of Random Acces Memories shipped to Linda's address today. Dave has had some disagreements lately.
Jake had an accident. He injured his knee. He will take some time to recover.
Nat will make something for Kate.
Doug wants Jessica to take down a photo of herself in a cafe.
Gavyn can't pick up kids from school today because she has a meeting. Shyla will call her mum.
Frank owes Judy two dates.
Jeff, Joona and Ian are going for pizza tonight at the Italian place at the corner. They will make it full in 5 minutes.
Patricia wishes Linda a happy birthday.
Hannah missed the party because she had to help her parents.
Veronica sent Erica the files by wetransfer. The video file has some artifacts at the beginning. Erica will reexport it in 30 minutes.
Susanne will be going to the breakfast as soon as they open.
James wants to get Mary for her birthday on Saturday. Tim is not the right person to ask about it.
Carter ran almost 4 miles today.
Julia is sick for the second time this month. She's taking angina.
Trisha threw her Farsi notes away by accident last night. Rob and Zach tried to catch up but Trisha's notes were messy.
Amy had an abortion.
Alicia bought Chloe perfume recently.
Alexandra has been busy with work. She will probably not be able to visit Joanna at Easter.
Cassandra, Helen and Elsa are going to meet tomorrow at 11.30 for a picnic and play int he park.
Gaby didn't get the money for December yet.
Albert and Jeffrey can't wait for the new season of American Gods to come out. It's not Netflix and it won't be possible to binge watch it properly.
Kate is going to drop out of design class.
Reggie is going to redecorate his room on Saturday. Kris will help him pick out a colour.
Jake wants to buy a new model but his wife won't allow him. Jake will be there tomorrow.
Claire will let Tony know when the boss comes.
Ron is going to Hashaba for New Year's Eve. Paula will let him know if she wants to join.
Ralph will pick Chris up in half and hour. Chris will smuggle his own snacks.
Lina will give Rita a sandwich.
Bob and Alice are going to a panel tomorrow. Bob doesn't know what to tell them. Bob will give an introduction and give some examples. Alice will read Bob's outline.
Albert will be there at 8.
Bob would like to apply for the position of Social Media Manager at his company. He has 4 years experience in social media management for several small companies in the area. Lucy will look over Bob's CV and HR will be in touch with him about setting up an interview.
Finley will cook spaghetti for Karson when he visits him. Karson has work early tomorrow.
Beata had her birthday 4 days ago. She still expects some presents.
Monica wants to give Carl back the summer holiday brochure she lent him on Monday. Carl will be home at 5.30.
Greta is worried about her mother, Carol. Miriam will contact Carol and sort it out.
Josh and Mark are on their way to the resort. They stopped at McDonald's twice. They will be there in an hour.
April is planning to go for a bike ride around noon. Archibald has a funeral to attend.
Jody hates ironing. Her hubby uses 5 shirts a week. He burnt Jody's favourite shirt and two of his own. Jody has an ironing machine at home. Lynn will come over tomorrow around 2:00.
Anna sends Roy the link to this week's topic and instructions. He will look at it now.
Nancy wants to visit Mary and Mike at 8.15.
Gregory and Paul are going to the cinema to watch Climax.
Stacy wants Rocky Road ice cream.
Harvey and Carol are going to the skiing resort next Saturday. Harvey will pay for the gas and snacks.
Jan's landlord has just published her review of Janek and Ricardo's apartment. Jan will write to her and apologise.
Ashley will copy Jill's homework for tomorrow as she's going out with her parents tonight.
Sebastian found a gold on youtube.
Aisha woke up at 6 am to have a baby.
Terry will borrow Gina's kayak this weekend. Gina will pick it up on Thursday around 6.
Claire, Vince and Nate are stressed out about the language test. Vince is revising. Claire is worried they will give a weird subject or that she will be too far away and won't hear the recording. They will meet tomorrow at the entrance.
Jane has a membership with 24/7 access to the gym. Charles is paying 80 per month.
Wendy broke mum's vase. Brenda advises her to put it back and turn it so that they can't see it.
Buck and Donald will bring ID with them.
Matt left because he felt bad. He can't talk right now.
Olivia has been seeing a guy for 30 minutes. She doesn't like him. Olivia wants to meet him again, but she doesn't feel like going any more.
Caitlin will tell Erica that she's not going tonight.
Robert and Madeline will go to the Opera to see "King Roger".
Joe slept in. Rob will cover for him in 20 minutes.
Sally is coming to Ironwood this summer at 3:40 pm. Sundy will meet her at the airport.
The weather is perfect for a drink.
Ben is online today. He thinks an internet place is looking for programmers. Kim will give him a call.
Lisa will come by Green Square 12 around 8 pm. Mary will wait outside at the second entrance.
Giny will buy rice.
Anton will give Steve a quarter of an hour to go.
Anne, Caroline and Hannah are meeting at 10:30 in front of the mall.
Mark and Monica got engaged.
Mark and Abigail arrived yesterday and were too exhausted to ski.
Peter's grandmother died last night. Paul will pick him up from the airport tomorrow at 11.30 PM.
Nora and Simon are going shopping this afternoon. Nora will buy goat cheese, curried zucchini and goat cheese. Simon will buy 10 more yogurts.
Keira made American hash with sweet potatoes, onions, kale, garlic, parmesan and eggs. Lucinda will try it once.
Lilly, Oliver, Lynn and Riley want pizza. Riley has already eaten.
Dorothy and Peter are going to the garage to get rid of the spare knick knacks. Peter needs to take a shower first. They will be there at 7 sharp.
Gina will have spaghetti for dinner.
Una will help Sandra with a secret.
Leo and Nora will meet at the restaurant at 8 pm.
Andrew's boss is upset because a friend of his son's is coming to Andrew's son's birthday party.
Stella stopped using CC Adobe account because she stopped paying for one of her projects. She doesn't know anyone who could share their credentials with Jim.
Ben has a runny nose and his voice isn't well. He will be practising at home until Saturady.
Kerry doesn't want Guy to come over tonight.
The British teenager escaped to Syria in 2015. She saw beheaded bodies and she had no regrets.
Meg has got a new job at an interactive agency. She doesn't want to take it as it would be a step back in her life.
Neal had his tooth removed.
Mom and Alex are going to church on Sunday.
Mindy didn't drive today. Pater forgot to take them out. Carol is ordering dinner tonight.
Leo will be late because he got in a fight with michel. Nathan will order a beer for Leo.
Jack and John are meeting in the evening at 20.
Will has a new pool in his garden. He got a good deal from Jack guy. His parents want to have their garden done up.
Hillary is not leaving the house because of the low temperatures.
Pete has just watched a youtube vid that shows incredible stunts people do. Pete envies them.
Francis needs Reynold to help him with heating installations. Reynold will come on Friday evening and help Francis with the installation.
Amanda is at the mall. Nick will buy bread and avocados for Amanda.
Ethan forgot the flat number 354. Jared forgot it again.
Nick didn't pass the exam again. He got a B+.
Isaac and Ivy are going to the motor show.
Todd is about to drop hammers on the BoD and mgmt ahead of the meeting.
Jada is in Islington. She has two sessions in a private clinic. She took on extra sessions for the extra money.
Dan and Milo are going to play footie tonight. Milo has to go to dentists and braces.
Abigail received a letter from the education centre informing her that they need a copy of her ID before she can start working. Abigail and Ava will go together tomorrow.
The Harry Potter formal hall tickets are sold out now. Peter will try to get one second hand. People tend to resign last minute.
Patrick wants James to apply for the position of a Sales Person.
Wanda has a lot of work at Uni. She has to work in the petrol station till 10 pm and then pop home on the late train. Wanda has two days off lectures at the end of next week and she would like to do a PGCE.
Kate broke the tap. John will call Mr. Johnston.
Paulina and Jesus are approaching the town. Jesus is waiting at the platform.
Ingmar will be visiting London this week. Kevin is not going out much. Miranda recommends Dino's pizza place at Bottom Alley 50. Xiao recommends Mimi Creperie.
Mary went to the library with Carl.
Kelly reminds Hayley not to forget the present 4 Crystal tomo.
Pam wants to go to Belarus for business or touristically. Milton was in Belarus for 4 days 10 years ago. The process of getting a Belarusian visa is complicated and complicated. Milton advises her to google it.
Miriam and Hope went to see Brad yesterday. Brad works on Sundays.
Ciara hasn't bought a costume for Mardi Gras. Adrian will pick up her costume a few weeks ago.
Ursula will pop over to Craig's place in 15 minutes. She cleaned the bathroom and will be there asap.
Lizzy is stopping by a shopping centre in a moment to buy a Christmas present for Toby.
Sam is calling Lucy.
Oliver will bring Mia's umbrella to the meeting tomorrow.
Emma missed andy's song. George and Emma will plan again.
Guy wants to change his birth date claiming that he feels younger than 69. Arthur is losing faith in humanity.
Danicka and Jensen don't have candles for Patrick's birthday party. Jensen will bring 25.
Vanessa reminds Jordan that they segregate waste at the home.
Anne has used the curry wurst Nick brought her from Berlin as a pot for a hyacinth.
Jennifer and Maria are going to the June Ball.
The meeting at 6.30 has been moved to 8.
Holly and Edward are going to biology class in room 209.
Niall will load the dishwasher and check the heater. The report has to be sent on Monday.
Veronica and Jason broke up.
Tim is back from trekking. Bart came back from Bulgaria yesterday. Tim was considering stopping in Wroclaw to meet Bart. Tim had no internet in the mountains. Tim is leaving for Canada tomorrow for 3 weeks.
Lisha's computer is dead. Rasha will lend Lisha his computer. Lisha has to write a report on aboriginals.
Toby's mother died this morning. She was diagnosed with breast cancer a few weeks ago.
Karen, Jim and Vanessa are eating out today.
Nigel and Hannah will go to a bookstore named after Reventlow book. Hannah has the day off, so she will get her hair done at 11 am. Tristan moved back to Bielefeld and is still working at the shoe store.
Sandy is ordering cosmetics. Esther will buy aloe vera cream.
Cheryl, Ariana and Logan are going to Reunion for 2 weeks. They will rent the car tonight over a beer.
Nathan is taking a backpack. It's a lowe alpine. It has a life long warranty.
Joshua took a photo of a possum at his backyard. Nelson is scared of them because they eat lice.
Tom is working for the last 2 days. He will send more materials from Ireland in a week time. Tom wants to sell a moisture meter on Asonik.pl. Tom's father's old business will be rebuilt by end of September.
George is out of wifi at the airport. Ana thought somebody robbed him.
George's IQ decreases by 20% after a 2-week holiday.
Henry has just seen the prettiest girl.
Sally is going to petes do on Saturday. Aj will join her.
Chris is at work and his phone is not updating properly. The Cowboys are beating the Saints. The defense has played great. Michael Irvin is Chris' soul animal.
Erik and Mark were ill this week. Carol gave them paracetamol and ibuprofen every 4 hours. Sarah doesn't like honey. Beatrix has a big meeting in two days in Dublin.
Mary and Tom are in Finland.
Luca is almost there. Stanley will get her some bottled water and some beers.
Sienna's grandma is a little better but she can't live alone. Sienna's mum is probably going to move in with her. Jean will let Sienna know when she hears of it.
Pump Truck got her nickname from her huge boobs. Some guys took a photo of her naked in the girls' locker room.
Kinga is annoying Agnieszka and Edyta. Kinga made her second coordinator at work. Matt, Archie and Matt are going for a smoke.
Tyler has just come home. The visibility outside is close to 0. Tyler will go for a drink with Will.
Amy, Jessica and John are going to throw Julie a surprise birthday party on Saturday at her favourite Maxican restaurant.
Jack wants Isabella to write to someone about buying soap for dishes and sponge. Isabella met the guys yesterday and talked to them. Michael doesn't give a shit about anything and leaves dirty dishes in the kitchen.
Jay, Sandra and Paul are going on a trip. Sandra will bring a spare sleeping bag.
Jane forgot Harry's book. They will change to Piccadilly and take W7 to Muswell Hill. The journey takes 40 minutes.
Elon Musk set up PayPal, Tesla and SpaceX. He's creating the first passenger shuttle to the moon. The ticket costs around $ 35 mil. The shuttle is going to be built and set off. Tiffany will buy a VR headset online.
Stanley will find a place to stay until his friend arrives. Alexander will give Stanley a lift to Warsaw, Reymonta Street at 5 pm.
Josh is leaving the office at the end of the month. People thought he would get promoted rather than fired.
Jeff and Tom are going to buy a necklace for Kayla's birthday on Friday.
Sue and Alex are going to the gym tonight.
Judyta is looking for a drying rack in Tesco. She will go to Marta to buy it.
Shein wants Pitt to put the ASIC file in his in-tray.
Simon and Andrew are meeting at 8 sharp at Simon's place.
Rob will be out of the office most of the day. He needs to be in the centre of Plymouth for about 11.30. Sue will get Graham Mason on that.
Dan got the plumber to fix a pipe that blew up yesterday. Jess has to date Brian today.
Ann has moved to Lublin.
Tom is going on a trip to Mount Rush tomorrow.
Ben is visiting Sebastian this weekend in Warsaw. Tomorrow he will go to a concert at the Voice. John and Miley will meet at 5.
Michael wants to change his phone for a better camera. The provider offers a few bundles and packages, most of them are for new clients. Frank advises Michael to cancel the deal and sign a new one a new client.
Dylan and Maya enjoyed their Xmas party at the office yesterday. Maya noticed that their boss and Silvia were dancing.
Rodney had to cancel workshops with Kika. If you paid already, Rodney will put you on the list for the next date which is 3-4.11.
ABC is not renewing Nashville. Hayden finished season 4.
Freda doesn't want to go to the Chistnas Party because it's too cold. Betty will buy a ticket for her.
Rachel didn't invite Ben to Rachel's party. Ben is glad it's over.
Keira is sitting next to a man for the next three hours.
Konnor wants to have a German boxer tomorrow. He has a friend who has a lot of pets. He will ask her for advice.
Kieran, Luke, Gery, David and Summer are going to an early sesh tomorrow at 630.
Allan got half of the stuff. Frank will buy half of it later.
Jo is going to the super market. Meg doesn't need anything.
Daniel is going to Tasmania tomorrow. He sent Henry a photo from a zoo.
Wilson has just entered his room. He's been on a trip to Barcelona. He will be spending the entire day on the pitch tomorrow. Leah will be Wilson's personal masseuse.
Leu and Luisa will be sitting on their house till the end of their lives. Luisa is worried about Bill's health.
Gloria couldn't stay till the end of the meeting because she had only done a, b and c. The meeting finished past 6 pm. Gloria and Joel agree on a new deal. They will meet tomorrow.
Una and Vera are going to Fine Tea room on 5th street on Sunday.
Felis's cat woke her up at 3 am and wanted to be pet. Felix stopped and fell asleep again.
Amira doesn't think professor mulligan would be willing to write a recommendation leter for Caroline.
Lillianne's brother met a new girl online. He doesn't know how to handle girls. Lillianne tried to talk to him but he's sensitive.
Carol is looking for a good politics blog. Michelle doesn't read any politic blogs. Michelle will text Carol with the best ones later today.
Ethan is thinking of buying a smartwatch. He doesn't have the app in his phone, so he doesn't always have his phone with him. He will look into Best Buy.
Janine is boooring with her kids. Zoe is 6 and has a boyfriend already.
Sandra's 4-year-old son has a diarrhoea. Sandra is going to the hospital.
Lee, Sam and Tom are going to the gym tonight at 9 pm. Sam will be there before 9.
Kate talked to the agent about the fittings on Saturday set on Monday. Mark is not going to make it this weekend.
FATM just released a new single. Claire and Sophia love it. The album is coming out next year.
Julie is looking for people to work at her company. Rosy will forward the job offer to Mike.
Theresa and David enjoyed St Patrick's Day. David can't wait to drink with the King next year.
Richard, Tommy and Andrew want to buy Przemek a book about photography. Andrew will buy it.
Fred quit his job because of mobbing. He wants to work as a UX designer or dev op.
Olivia wants to learn how to play cards. Noah will come to Jacob's place this weekend.
Christine and Joan are excited about the concert Christina is going to attend. Christine will look into the train tickets they were talking about.
Stephanie has Kev's number 8767.
Ron will be at Alice's in 5 minutes.
Bud will order a beer from Buzz. They are sitting on the far right.
Keith has a few servings of fish extra from this morning. Alex will eat everything.
Boris forgot the shopping list on the table. Phil will key it in for him.
There are 53 days until the end of school year. Sebastian is looking forward to the holidays.
Steve checked the parameters of the display and found it doesn't work with FreeSync. He will order it from Steve.
Ray, Garry, Paula, Kris and Rory enjoyed their birthday party.
Nina wants to join Sarah for yoga class next time. Sarah will wear comfy clothes, water and a towel.
Mike's week at work was crazy with many business meetings and conference calls to clients. Joanne's company is growing rapidly and she needs new staff. Mike will send her vacant jobs.
Joanna and Monica are having a video conference. Joanna is laughing at her.
Jeanne, Vanessa and Jaimie are discussing pineapple on pizza.
Beth and Sammy are going to eat soup tomorrow. Beth will wear a casual dress.
Graham was hit by a piece of sh*t in Tesco car park Black Rd on Saturday at 4 pm. Graham wants him to pay for what he has done.
Krystal and Mikayla miss Cuba and want to go again next year.
Jessica will join Tom and Jessica on the dance floor around 10.
Lowe will be out in 2 minutes.
Ria and Lars won the petition.
Karen and Nick went on a date to a thrift store.
Steven, Margaret, Lesley and Harry are going to buy Mum a kitchen appliance on her birthday.
Max, Jeremy, Jason, Rawiri, David and Rawiri are discussing the harms of smoking cannabis.
Nora is sending photos to Harper but they haven't gone through to her. Harper will check later.
There was a brawl in front of a supermarket on Black Friday. The security wouldn't open the mall until 9 am and the crowd went out of control. Gary and Paul are going for a beer at 8 pm.
Dylan went to the barbershop for the first time. He looks great. Natalie wants Ian to go to a barber.
Sam, Jennifer, Lucy and Nicola are going to run a half marathon together.
Ed and Shane are going to the cinema to watch a movie. They have 10 minutes till the show starts.
Tom found a photo of his dad's dad for the family history project. He got Purple Heart for bravery in Vietnam.
Cinthia is already at home. Danielle is in a trafic jam.
Lucy put the schedule for next term in Victor's pigeon holes.
Elisa has a lot of classes at the uni every day. She has a job at aberdeen exibition and conference Center. Elisa has 2 hours of tutoral on Monday and 1 more hour of tutorial on Tuesday. She can listen to power point slides at home as all her classes are recorded.
Harry's sister's cat is allergic to eggs and Daphne's scratching herself all the time. Peter and Alice are meeting tomorrow at Barney's.
Rachel will bring homemade cookies and a pack of onion crisps.
Margaret had a car accident today. She is fine.
Hank's mother is out of ice cream. He will go to the store.
Miley missed Corey.
Harry is angry with Emily for not increasing her marks in the absence of Prof. Greg. Emily will apologize to prof. Greg tomorrow.
Sindey invited Mick for a beer on Friday.
Helene will come next Thursday as David would be away.
Sayed is working on his own again. Barry quit. He gets 50p per hour. Meera has a meal at the hospital, so she has to make her own food. He is playing on his phone at the moment. Pete and Meera will see each other at the match on Sunday.
Alison and Jake are getting along well.
William's boss asked him yesterday if he wanted to move to Austria for at least a year. Nancy and Joan would like to join them. William was once in Vienna for 10 days.
Hans has a photo.
Henry is preparing for a meeting with the staff from Germany. He showed them around the new facilities this morning.
Rose forgot her keys. She will be home in the afternoon. Grandma will open the door for her. Steven found Rose's keys and put them in the basket.
Mira will have onion soup today.
John is coming out for a few rounds this Friday night. His wife wants him to spend more time with the kids and to spend time with her. John finds it stressful and annoying. George suggests a break on Friday night to clear his head.
Farrah and Wilder have no plans for the weekend. They are going to the gym today and housework tomorrow. Wilder is preaper for Christmas season.
Justin sends a photo of the Flying Pig to Abraham and Paula.
Mat doesn't like cats. He's a dog person. He has 2 cats, Fluffy and Butters. Anna likes Count of Monte Christo.
Jonathan is going on a field trip to impress his teacher. He is struggling in the class. He will go to the field trip. There will be group work and she will mark it.
Mason is not going to COMM345 because he's feeling sick.
Dean and Amanda went to a party after Sam left. Amanda left after 20 minutes with some guy who looked exactly like her ex whom she claims she's over.
Danny will let Derek sleep for once.
Alan and Tim are looking for an apartment to rent. The lady who owns the flat is very polite and never said anything. John is looking for someone to rent the flat. John will let Alan know how it went.
James is going to see a game after work. Mary and Patrick will leave him some food for later. James will be in Granta.
Jill may go to Milan on Monday. Nora will take the documents from Tom's place in 20-30 minutes.
Anna and Mary don't think Gill will come to the party.
Matt went for a walk with the dog two minutes ago. Ross will be late today.
Paula spent a lot of time there. She will let Tim know the names of the bands she spent there.
Amanda wants to know what vegetarian dishes to prepare tonight. Harry, Victoria, Jim, Lily, Tom and Tom are having veggie chilli.
Jess is at Mia's place. Sean will pick her up in 20 minutes.
Samantha is staying at her parent's for another week till sunday. Ruth wants Samantha to go to Vertigo jazz dance club on 20th. Samantha will probably need to rest.
Caroline and Alex will go shopping on Mon.
Michael saw John's register with Ava. Ava waned to copy notes.
Paul loves Nicole.
Frank has an interview with Goldman Sachs on Thursday at 6 pm. He will reschedule the meeting with Susan.
Rich and Alex will meet for lunch tomorrow at 1 pm at the Indian place on Main Street.
Mary has bought new curtains.
Gibson added Camdyn as a friend.
Teddy is going to play basketball. Benji called and they are gathering guys atm. Alex will let Teddy know when they start.
Udo will be there in 20 minutes. He was supposed to be at 6. James will visit him at 5.30.
Timmy will load the dishwasher for Monica.
Tony is in America. He likes the cheapest bread. There is a shop with Finnish food close to his place.
Jo came back last night.
Henry and Dorothy are going to the Irish pub tonight. Dorothy doesn't want to go out at all.
Sam sends Dorothy a photo of Tom from his morning English literature class.
Steve, Andrew and Rachel are excited about the Glastonbury line-up.
Josh and Youssef are on their way to Tanger.
Jenny's essay deadline is at the end of November. George will write 10000 words.
Julie and Damon enjoyed the last SNL episode.
Tom, Peter and Charles have been to Agrigento recently. They recommend a bar called "Vicolo Salemi" to Tom.
Doris's sister, 3 years her senior, had a heart attack early on Tuesday morning. She has had 2 stents fitted and is on the mend. She walked a 21 km marathon on Sunday. Doris will stay with her in Pietermaritzburg.
Monica's apartment search is not going well. Owen will come over and take a look at the apartment on Thursday night.
Emory is watching the X Factor.
The rowing practice is cancelled.
Erin can't come to Paula's thanksgiving dinner as she has work on Friday.
Edward thinks the theme for tomorrow's farewell party is "Gatsby".
Marc doesn't want to go to the gym today. He will let Rafael know tomorrow.
Roc got the wrong number on Will's phone.
Eleonor, Tasha and Betty will meet at Jeff's bar next Sunday.
Ashley is organizing an eyebrow skillshare for the ladies. Gerardo will clean Ashley's eyebrows.
Patricia sent Elle a fair-trade brand she's been talking about.
Dia has just landed in Frankfurt. Dad will bring her some warm things.
Sam owes Alex $100. Sam will give it back tomorrow.
Saul has been waiting for Julie for half an hour. He has just passed the Starbucks.
Kate and Tim are at the beach right now. There is an invasion of jellyfish on the coast. Lisa and Tim think they should stay home.
Carmen is waiting for Anna to respond to her last emails. Oscar was attending two meetings. Anna will remind Oscar the dates.
Fran and Megan are going to have a long weekend.
Chris is on his way to meet Peter. Chris has brought a jumper and sparklers. Peter will change his clother. Tracy might come to Chris tonight.
Carla's date for graduation is June 4th. Diego has to book a plane for her. Carla's roommate won't be there, so she can stay at home for the week. Diego will let Carla know soon.
Bev and Beti are going on a school trip on Wednesday. Beti is 4 or 5. Gita works part time as a music teacher, going round schools. Bev's sister is in management and she doesn't see her kids from 6.30am to 6:30pm every day.
Greg just texted Julia and apologises for cheating on her three times. Julia has to get up early tomorrow to meet Greg.
Marry broke his nail at the party tomorrow. His sister friend is a cosmetitian. Tina will call her and let him know.
Paige asked them to wait and send the declaration later. They want to close the declaration asap. Lisa is afraid she will forget about it later. The deadline for payment is 31 March anyway.
